-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 owXFySWWXqB7d5+S9+V5A+S54hDJ4zrsGb4I/dFZHBJFhKUbn9Mrd71ksY+wMVEW
 8xkXqlMO0SkJzXyg0vLB+A==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-001064.txt : 19940331
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-001064.hdr.sgml : 19940331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-001064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931226
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACME METALS INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3312
		IRS NUMBER:				363802419
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-45449
		FILM NUMBER:		94518104

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13500 SOUTH PERRY AVE
		CITY:			RIVERDALE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			606271182
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7088492500
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C.20549
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
(X)    Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
       Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 26, 1993 or
( )    Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
       Exchange Act of 1934
                        -------------------------------
 
                         Commission file number 0-14727
 
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
 
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>
    DELAWARE       36-3802419
   (State of         (I.R.S.
 incorporation)     Employer
                  Identification
                  No.)
</TABLE>
 
             13500 SOUTH PERRY AVE., RIVERDALE, ILLINOIS 60627-1182
          (Address of principal executive offices)          (Zip Code)
 
                                 (708) 849-2500
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
 
          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 
                                      None
 
          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 
                              Title of each Class
                    ---------------------------------------
                    Common stock, par value $1.00 per share
 
Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of  delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is  not contained herein,  and will not  be contained, to  the
best  of registrant's knowledge,  in definitive proxy  or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  / /
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.  Yes X  No __
 
The aggregate market  value as  of February  11, 1994  of common  stock, $1  par
value, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was: $136,403,555
 
Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 11, 1994, 5,477,923
 
The   following  documents  are  partially  incorporated  into  this  report  by
reference:
 
(1)    Proxy  Statement  filed  in  connection   with  the  Annual  Meeting   of
       Shareholders scheduled April 28, 1994 partially incorporated by reference
       into Part III, Items 10, 11, 12 and 13.
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                        1993 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
                                     PART I
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                      Page
                                                                                                                       ---
<C>         <S>                                                                                                    <C>
   Item 1.  Business.............................................................................................           3
   Item 2.  Properties...........................................................................................           9
   Item 3.  Legal Proceedings....................................................................................           9
   Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..................................................          16
                                                           PART II
   Item 5.  Market for the Company's Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters................................          16
   Item 6.  Selected Financial Data..............................................................................          17
   Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations................          19
   Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..........................................................          25
   Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.................          25
                                                           PART III
  Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Company......................................................          25
  Item 11.  Executive Compensation...............................................................................          26
  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.......................................          26
  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.......................................................          26
                                                           PART IV
  Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K......................................          27
</TABLE>
 
                                      -2-
<PAGE>
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
 
      (a) General description of business
 
      Acme  Metals Incorporated, based in  Riverdale, Illinois, is the successor
to the original Acme Steel Company which merged with the Interlake Iron  Company
in  1964 to form Interlake Steel Corporation.  The company's name was changed to
Interlake, Inc. and was subsequently reincorporated in Delaware on December  19,
1969.
 
      As  a result of a reorganization  in 1986, The Interlake Corporation ("new
Interlake") became the parent company of Interlake, Inc. ("old Interlake").  Old
Interlake  transferred  all but  its iron,  steel  and domestic  steel strapping
assets and businesses  to new Interlake.  Old Interlake was  again renamed  Acme
Steel  Company,  and  pursuant to  the  reorganization,  was spun  off  from new
Interlake as a public company in May, 1986.
 
      In connection with  the spin-off  from new Interlake,  Acme Steel  Company
entered into certain indemnification agreements with new Interlake. As discussed
in  Item 3,  Legal Proceedings,  significant environmental  and tax  matters are
subject to  indemnification by  new Interlake  under these  agreements. To  date
Interlake  has met its obligations with respect  to all matters covered by these
agreements. The inability of new Interlake  to fulfill its obligations, for  any
reason,  under these indemnification agreements could result in increased future
obligations for the Acme Steel Company.
 
      Acme Steel Company undertook  a further reorganization  in May, 1992  when
Acme  Metals Incorporated ("Company")  was formed and became  the parent of Acme
Steel  Company  ("Acme"),  and   Acme's  former  subsidiaries,  Acme   Packaging
Corporation  ("Packaging"), Alpha Tube Corporation ("Alpha"), and Universal Tool
& Stamping Co.,  Inc. ("Universal").  The Company  has been  publicly traded  on
NASDAQ since 1986.
 
      The  principal business activities of the  Company consist of two separate
industry segments namely:
 
      STEEL MAKING SEGMENT
 
      Acme Steel Company - an integrated iron and steel producer
 
      STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT
 
      Acme Packaging Corporation - steel strapping and strapping products
 
      Alpha Tube Corporation - welded steel tube products
 
      Universal Tool & Stamping Co., Inc. - auto and light truck jack products.
 
      (b) Financial information about industry segments
 
      The Company is reporting  its operations by  two industry segments,  Steel
Making  and Steel Fabricating,  for the first  time. Financial information about
the Company's industry segments is contained in the BUSINESS SEGMENTS section of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 48.
 
      (c) Narrative description of business
 
      STEEL MAKING SEGMENT
 
      Acme Steel  Company  ("Acme") is  a  fully integrated  producer  of  steel
products.  Acme's  line  of  products  is  concentrated  on  the  manufacture of
flat-rolled steels, including sheet  and strip steel.  In the flat-rolled  steel
market  Acme  specializes in  producing  carbon steels,  especially  high carbon
steels, alloy steels, and high strength steels. The principal markets served  by
Acme  include  the  agricultural  equipment,  automotive  components, industrial
equipment, industrial fastener, pipe and tube, processor, and tool manufacturing
industries. The Company's Steel Fabricating Segment consumes approximately 40% -
45% of Acme's steel production. Acme's  focus on external customers is  centered
around  customers whose demand levels and metallurgical requirements are for the
small production  quantities  available  from Acme's  facilities.  Acme's  sales
represented about 41%, 37% and 37% of total Company sales in 1993, 1992 and 1991
respectively.
 
                                      -3-
<PAGE>
      Acme's  facilities  are located  in Riverdale  and Chicago,  Illinois, and
include the  following plant  facilities: coke  ovens, blast  furnaces,  pigging
machines,  basic oxygen furnaces, slab, rolling  mill, a slab grinder, hot strip
mill,  pickle  lines,  cold  mill,   annealing  furnaces,  slitter  lines,   and
cut-to-length lines.
 
      Acme  is the  smallest integrated steel  producer in the  U.S. with annual
shipping capability of approximately 720,000 tons. This compares with total U.S.
shipments of all steel products of approximately 82 million tons.
 
      STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT
 
      Acme Packaging  Corporation ("Packaging"),  which  was incorporated  as  a
separate  entity in December 1991, is one of the two major domestic producers of
steel strapping and strapping  tools in North  America and shares  approximately
80%  of the  domestic market equally  with its primary  competitor. Strapping is
currently produced at four  plants located throughout  the U.S. and  represented
approximately  33%, 36% and 38%  of the Company's sales  in 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively. Principal markets  served by Packaging  include the  agricultural,
automotive, brick, construction, fabricated and primary metals, forest products,
paper  and wholesale industries. Packaging receives all of its steel supply from
Acme.
 
      Packaging currently  manufactures its  products  in four  steel  strapping
plants, located in Riverdale, Illinois; New Britain, Connecticut; Leeds, Alabama
and Pittsburg, California.
 
      Packaging  operates in  a market  estimated to  use 420,000  tons of steel
strapping annually. The most  significant end users  of steel strapping  include
steel  and  other  primary metal  producers;  lumber and  wood  products; brick,
concrete and  clay  products;  fabricated metals  and  machinery;  textiles  and
synthetic  fibers; and paper  mills. These end user  industries typically have a
low growth rate and  are cyclical in nature.  Consequently, the steel  strapping
market  is expected to  grow at an annual  rate of only 1.5%  to 2.0% during the
next several years.
 
      Plastic strapping, especially the higher strength polyester products, will
continue to penetrate the traditional steel strapping markets of lumber,  paper,
textiles,  wood and synthetic  fibers, primarily due  to improvements in product
strength characteristics.  While  the balance  of  the users  remain  relatively
immune  to penetration by plastic strapping  the increasing market share of this
product will continue to limit the growth of the steel strapping market.
 
      The U.S. steel  strapping market  has also  experienced continued  pricing
pressure  due to the commodity nature of the product as well as the overcapacity
in the industry. The pricing scenario  is tied to the flat-rolled steel  markets
such  that increases  in flat-rolled steel  prices during  economic upswings may
squeeze the gross margin until price  increases can be implemented and  accepted
by the customer base.
 
      Alpha  Tube Corporation ("Alpha"),  which was acquired in  May, 1989, is a
leading producer of high quality welded carbon steel tubing used for  furniture,
recreational,  contractors  and  automotive  applications.  Alpha  receives  the
majority of  its steel  supply from  Acme.  Alpha markets  its products  to  the
appliance,  automotive, construction,  heating and  cooling equipment, household
and leisure furniture, material  handling, recreational products, and  warehouse
industries.  Alpha's sales represented approximately 16%  of total sales for the
Company in each of the last three years.
 
      Alpha  operates   three  facilities   in  Toledo,   Ohio,  including   two
manufacturing facilities equipped with rolling mills for the production of steel
tube and pipe, and a plant for slitting steel.
 
      Alpha  operates in a  highly competitive market  characterized by numerous
participants with widely  varying capabilities.  Many of  the producers  compete
only on price and generally offer little or no technical service.
 
      The   tubing  industry   is  trending   toward  products   with  increased
formability, greater gauge  control, lighter weight  in combination with  higher
strength  and different steel chemistries. Customers, especially automotive, are
increasingly demanding just-in-time inventory  delivery which is increasing  the
inventory carrying costs at the tubing manufacturer level.
 
      Universal  Tool & Stamping Co., Inc.  ("Universal"), acquired in May 1987,
produces automotive and light truck jacks, tire wrenches and accessories for the
original equipment  manufacturer ("OEM")  market  in North  America.  Management
estimates  that it currently  holds a 40% share  of the OEM  market for auto and
 
                                      -4-
<PAGE>
light truck  jacks  in  North  America. Universal  receives  virtually  all  its
flat-rolled  steel supply from Acme. Universal  markets its products to domestic
and foreign transplant automotive manufacturers and the automotive  aftermarket.
Universal's  sales were approximately 10%, 11% and  9% of total Company sales in
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
 
      Universal's production facilities, located  in Butler, Indiana, include  a
computer  assisted  design  and  manufacturing  system,  automated  stamping and
assembly lines.
 
      Universal operates principally  in the automotive  OEM and aftermarket  in
the  U.S. This market is experiencing several trends including a continuing need
by automotive  for product  development capability  and leadership  among  their
suppliers;  a  continuing trend  toward  global sourcing  capability; continuing
pressure by  customers  for  reduced  per  unit  pricing  while  maintaining  or
increasing   the  quality  of  each  unit;  and  research  and  development  for
alternative materials used in manufacturing the product.
 
      EMPLOYEE RELATIONS
 
      The Company has a work force of 2,772 employees, of which 649 are salaried
and 2,123 are  paid hourly. The  unionized work  force totals 1,979,  or 71%  of
total  employment. None of the  salaried work force is  unionized and the hourly
work force at one site (Alpha) is non-union as well. The Company's relationships
with the unions are good.  There have been no strikes  or work stoppages at  any
location  since the  Company's purchase  of the plants.  The last  strike at the
Riverdale and Chicago locations was in 1959 during the major steel industry work
stoppage. In  addition, the  Company instituted  Labor Management  Participation
Teams in 1982 as a vehicle for problem solving in a team environment and a Total
Quality  Improvement  Program  in 1991  to  establish standards  to  achieve the
highest quality product from the existing facilities. Union members  participate
extensively in these two programs.
 
      During  the  year  the  Company  reached  an  agreement  with  the  United
Steelworkers on a new labor  contract covering approximately 1,500 employees  at
Acme  and  Packaging operations  in  Chicago. The  agreement  is for  six years,
contains  a  no-strike  provision,  and  a  wage  reopener  subject  to  binding
arbitration. The contract was ratified on October 1, 1993.
 
      RAW MATERIALS
 
      Acme's   principal  raw  materials  are  iron   ore  and  coal.  Iron  ore
requirements are expected to continue to be satisfied through an equity interest
in Wabush Mines in Newfoundland (Labrador)  and Quebec, Canada and through  term
contracts  and purchases on the open market.  Acme is obligated to purchase iron
ore from Wabush  at the  higher of production  cost or  market. Production  cost
currently  approximates  market; however,  there can  be  no assurance  that the
mine's cost structure will not increase in the future in excess of world  market
prices.  During 1993, Acme acquired approximately 56% of its iron ore needs from
Wabush  under  this  agreement  with  the  balance  of  ore  requirements  at  a
competitive  delivered  cost. Coal  requirements  are expected  to  be satisfied
through term contracts and  purchases on the open  market. The Company  believes
Acme's sources of iron ore, coal and other raw materials are adequate to provide
for its foreseeable needs.
 
      ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE
 
      The  operations of the Company and its subsidiary companies are subject to
numerous Federal, state and local laws and regulations providing a comprehensive
program of  controlling the  discharge  of materials  into the  environment  and
remediation  of  certain waste  disposal sites  by  responsible parties  for the
protection of public health  and the environment.  In addition, various  federal
and  state occupational safety and health laws and regulations apply to the work
place environment.
 
      The current  environmental  control  requirements  are  comprehensive  and
reflect  a  long-term  trend towards  increasing  stringency as  these  laws and
regulations are subject to  periodic renewal and  revision. The Company  expects
these  requirements will continue to become even more stringent in future years.
The 1990  Federal Clean  Air  Act amendment,  for example,  imposed  significant
additional environmental control requirements upon Acme's coke plant facilities.
 
      In  prior years, the  Company has made  substantial capital investments in
environmental  control  facilities  to  achieve  compliance  with  these   laws,
incurring  expenditures of $9.8 million for environmental projects in the period
from  1991  through  1993.  The  Company  anticipates  making  further   capital
expenditures  of approximately $6 million for environmental projects during 1994
and $7 million in 1995 to maintain
 
                                      -5-
<PAGE>
compliance with these laws  (exclusive of any such  expenditures related to  the
Project  (see  Item  1(e)  for  a description  of  the  Project)).  In addition,
maintenance, depreciation  and  operating  expenses  attributable  to  installed
environmental  control  facilities are  having, and  will  continue to  have, an
adverse effect  upon  the Company's  earnings.  Although all  of  the  Company's
subsidiary  operating  companies are  affected  by these  laws  and regulations,
similar to other steel manufacturing operations, they have had, and are expected
to continue to  have, a greater  impact upon the  Company's steel  manufacturing
subsidiary than on the Company's other operating subsidiaries.
 
      The  Company, principally through its operating subsidiaries, is and, from
time to  time, in  the future  will be  involved in  administrative  proceedings
involving  the issuance,  or renewal, of  environmental permits  relating to the
conduct of its business. The final issuance of these permits have been  resolved
on  terms satisfactory to  the Company and,  in the future,  the Company expects
such permits will  be similarly  resolved on satisfactory  terms; however,  from
time  to time, the Company is  required to pursue administrative and/or judicial
appeals prior to achieving a resolution of the terms of such permits.
 
      From time  to time,  the  Company may  be  involved in  administrative  or
judicial  proceedings  with various  regulatory agencies  or private  parties in
connection  with  claims   the  Company's  operations   have  violated   certain
environmental  laws,  conditions  of existing  permits  or with  respect  to the
disposal of materials at  waste disposal sites. The  resolution of such  matters
may involve the payment of civil penalties, damages, remediation expenses and/or
the  expenditure of funds to add or modify pollution control equipment (see Item
3, Legal Proceedings, for a complete description of environmental proceedings).
 
      BACKLOG; TRADEMARKS; PATENTS
 
      None of the Company's subsidiaries had a significant amount of backlog  at
December 26, 1993 and neither the Company nor its subsidiaries hold any patents,
trademarks,  licenses or  franchises which  are deemed  material to  its overall
business.
 
      (d) Competitive Conditions in the Integrated Steel Industry
 
      GENERAL STEEL MARKET
 
      The U.S. integrated steel industry  has suffered economically in the  past
decade due to increased competition from mini-mills, lack of investment in newer
steelmaking  technologies,  foreign competition  (often  government subsidized),
increasing costs associated  with government-mandated environmental  regulations
and high labor and benefit costs compared to its competition.
 
      U.S. domestic shipments for all steel products have averaged approximately
80  million tons per year for the last several years. While total U.S. shipments
of steel have grown by an average of 2.4% per year since 1982, steel exports  by
U.S.   producers  have  accounted  for  most  of  that  growth.  Domestic  steel
consumption has been essentially flat over the past ten years.
 
      The industry has total raw steel  production capacity estimated to be  110
to 115 million tons. In addition, nearly 85% of current U.S. steel production is
continuously  cast.  These  two  factors together  with  the  industry's ongoing
successful efforts to improve productivity and reduce costs have contributed  to
significant  downward pressure  on the price  of steel in  the marketplace. Real
steel selling prices have fallen at an annual rate of 3.5% over the past  decade
although  during 1993, steel  prices increased on  average. The Company believes
the trend toward  lower real steel  prices will continue,  although at a  slower
rate.
 
      Over the long term, steel prices will be set by the lowest cost producers,
and  the  lowest  costs  will  be attained  through  the  implementation  of new
technologies. The  flat-rolled steel  market provides  strong evidence  of  this
downward  trend  in real  steel prices  due  to decreasing  costs. Technological
innovation is likely  to continue in  the steel industry  and producers will  be
required to achieve significant, sustainable cost reductions to succeed.
 
      SPECIAL GRADE MARKET
 
      This  component of  the flat-rolled  market represents  the medium carbon,
high carbon, high strength low alloy (HSLA) and alloy markets. The total  annual
specialty  market  is approximately  3 million  tons, of  which Acme's  share is
estimated to be 6% to  7%. However, in the portion  of the market where Acme  is
not
 
                                      -6-
<PAGE>
facility-limited  (where customers can use narrow  widths and have no continuous
cast requirement), it holds a 30%  share. Acme's principal customer markets  are
agricultural  equipment, industrial fasteners, hand  and power tools, rerollers,
automotive components and construction.
 
      LOW CARBON FLAT-ROLLED MARKET
 
      Flat-rolled products comprise approximately 50% of the U.S. steel  market,
or  about 40-45 million  tons per year, of  which the majority  is in low carbon
sheet and strip. Acme's share is estimated to be less than 1%. The key end users
are automotive OEMs, automotive stampers,  can and container manufacturers,  the
construction  industry, appliance makers, tubing manufacturers and steel service
centers.
 
      ACME'S COMPETITIVE POSITION
 
      For commercial sales  to unaffiliated customers,  Acme currently  competes
principally  in  the  mid-and  high-carbon and  alloy  steel  markets.  Acme has
numerous competitors composed  principally of  steel service centers  and, to  a
lesser extent, small integrated mills.
 
      Acme  faces the same challenges as the  rest of the steel industry. It has
reported operating losses for 2  of its last 3  years. While Acme has  generally
outperformed  the industry on average  over the last 3  years, because of Acme's
high overall cost structure resulting from its outmoded steel finishing  process
and  the competitive forces affecting the entire steel industry, steelmaking has
proven to be only marginally  profitable even at the  upper end of the  business
cycles.  Management believes that Acme, and the  U.S. steel industry as a whole,
benefitted during 1993  from an upturn  in the business  cycle and increases  in
steel  prices on average over the past year. There can be no assurance that this
upturn in  the  business  cycle will  continue  or  that the  industry  will  be
successful in maintaining current price levels.
 
      (e) The Project
 
      Acme's  current rolling  mill facilities  cannot produce  a coil  which is
large and wide (more than 30 inches)  enough to satisfy the needs of many  users
of flat-rolled steel. In addition, the existing physical limitations of the mill
facilities   do  not  allow  Acme  to  fully  utilize  its  existing  raw  steel
manufacturing capability. Further, large users increasingly demand  continuously
cast materials, and many other users prefer such materials.
 
      Since  1982, a  number of U.S.  steel mills  have constructed conventional
thick slab continuous casting  production facilities. There  are eleven of  such
known  facilities, which have a combined estimated capacity of 37.1 million tons
of flat-rolled steel per year. One additional company is installing conventional
thick slab continuous casting production  facilities which will have a  combined
estimated capacity of 2.1 million tons per year.
 
      The conventional thick slab facilities are a technological step behind the
new  continuous thin slab casting facilities,  which eliminate the extra heating
and rolling necessary  to flatten thick  slabs to an  appropriate dimension.  At
present  there are  2 operating thin  slab casting facilities  in North America,
which have  a  combined  estimated capacity  of  2  million tons  per  year.  In
addition,  thin slab casting facilities are under construction with an estimated
combined capacity  of  3 million  tons.  Of  the companies  currently  using  or
constructing continuous thin slab casters, none have or will have the facilities
to   use  basic  oxygen  furnace  steel   as  would  Acme.  Instead,  these  new
installations will use scrap steel as their raw material.
 
      In response to  these and other  competitive concerns, in  July 1992,  the
Company announced that it was conducting a feasibility study of a new continuous
thin  slab caster/hot  strip rolling mill  complex ("Project")  at the Company's
Riverdale, Illinois plant. The study concluded that successful implementation of
the Project should result in significantly more favorable financial results  for
the  Company beginning in 1997  than those it would  achieve if it continued its
steelmaking business  with  its  existing facilities.  This  improved  financial
performance  would  result  from  increased sales  due  to  increased production
capability and product range, higher yields, lower costs, increased  efficiency,
and more consistent product quality.
 
      The  Board of Directors of  the Company is now  in the process of deciding
whether to proceed with  the Project. The final  cost of the Project,  including
equipment,  ancillary  facilities and  construction, is  not  yet known  and the
available estimates  vary  depending  upon various  factors  including  type  of
equipment  selected, costs  of financing  and general  contractor fees.  At this
time, however, the Company believes the cost of the Project will be between $300
million and $350 million.
 
                                      -7-
<PAGE>
      If  constructed,  the  Project  will  include  facilities  for  both   the
continuous casting of thin steel slabs (approximately 2" in thickness and 60" in
width)  ("Caster") and the hot rolling of those slabs into steel strip ("Mill").
The Project will  eliminate the processes  Acme now employs  for ingot  pouring,
processing, heating and rolling of ingots into slabs, slab conditioning, and the
transportation and storage of ingots and slabs. If completed, the Caster will be
the  first facility, known to the Company, which utilizes a continuous thin slab
casting process in  conjunction with cleaner  steel produced in  a basic  oxygen
furnace.
 
      The  Mill would  be configured  with seven  tandem-coupled rolling stands.
Each stand sequentially would reduce the thickness of the slab being rolled.  At
the exit of the seventh stand, the slab's thickness would have been reduced from
2  inches to the final  gauge required for the  customer's order. With 7 rolling
stands, the Mill would be the largest hot strip mill constructed to date for use
with a continuous thin slab caster. The Mill's seven stand configuration  should
allow  the  Company to  produce  wider and  thinner  products, across  all steel
grades, than any existing continuous thin slab caster/hot strip mill facility.
 
      The Project would be constructed in a  new building on a site adjacent  to
Acme's  current  steelmaking  facilities. Steel  production  at  Acme's existing
facilities  will  continue  during  the  construction  of  the  Project  without
disruption or reduction of product available for supply to customers. When fully
operational,  the  Project should  be  capable of  producing  Acme's anticipated
product mix  of approximately  970,000  tons of  finished  steel per  year.  The
limiting  factor on  annual capacity  would be  the Caster.  The Mill  should be
capable  of  producing  over  two  million  tons  of  finished  steel  annually.
Accordingly, if the Project proves to be successful, the Company may consider an
expansion  of  the  steelmaking and  casting  facilities  in order  to  supply a
sufficient quantity of thin slabs to more fully utilize the Mill.
 
      If undertaken, the Project would involve substantial costs in addition  to
those  for the construction of the facility itself. The new Caster and Mill will
eliminate  several  labor-intensive  operations   Acme  now  must  employ.   The
efficiencies resulting from the elimination of these operations will result in a
reduction  of Acme's workforce of between 250  and 300 people. The Company would
be required to take an  approximately $4.8 million charge  to income in 1994  to
account  for the  costs associated  with this  workforce reduction.  The Company
would also be required to take an approximately $8.3 million charge to income in
1994 to reflect a reduction of the  useful life of the existing steel  finishing
facilities which would be replaced by the Project. Further, during the Project's
final  completion  phase,  including initial  testing,  the  Company anticipates
incurring approximately $15 million of start-up related costs, some of which may
be capitalized  as  part of  the  Project. In  addition,  the Company  would  be
required  to capitalize the interest expenses associated with the Project during
the construction period. This expense is estimated to be approximately $30 -  35
million  depending on  the nature  and amount  of the  debt used  to finance the
Project, which amount would be  added to the cost  of the Project and  amortized
over the life of the related assets.
 
      The  Board of Directors  of the Company  will decide to  proceed or not to
proceed with the  Project based  on whether, within  the next  five months,  the
Company  is able to obtain satisfactory  commitments (1) from a manufacturer for
the supply  of  the  equipment  needed  for the  Project,  (2)  from  a  general
contractor  for assumption of "turnkey" responsibility  for the Project, and (3)
from credit sources for the financing needed for the Project.
 
      The Company  is currently  studying the  advantages and  disadvantages  of
alternative   casting  equipment   configurations  for  the   Project  which  is
manufactured by  several  different  suppliers.  One  type  of  equipment  under
consideration  has  not yet  successfully cast  all  grades of  steel in  Acme s
projected product  mix in  commercial applications.  Another type  of  equipment
under  consideration is  not currently  operating in  any commercial  plant. The
Company believes  after extensive  research, and  based on  pilot plant  testing
together  with successful experience with thick slab casting, that all grades in
Acme's product mix can  be cast and rolled  to reasonable commercial  standards;
however,  there can be no guarantee that  the equipment the Company selects will
perform in accordance with the feasibility studies.
 
      The Company  is in  discussions  with several  internationally  recognized
general contracting firms about their assumption of "turnkey" responsibility for
the Project. The Company's decision to proceed with the Project depends upon the
negotiation  of a satisfactory contract with one of these general contractors or
a general contractor of similar reputation, capability, and financial resources.
 
                                      -8-
<PAGE>
      With respect to financing, on March 3, 1994, the Company agreed to sell an
issue of securities at  a price of  $21.00 per security  on a private  placement
basis  exclusively in Canada. Upon the  closing of this transaction, expected to
occur on or before  August 25, 1994,  the securities will  be exchangeable on  a
one-for-one basis, subject to certain conditions, for 5,600,000 common shares of
the  Company. Conditions for the exchange of the securities for common stock and
the Company's receipt  of the  proceeds of the  sale of  the securities  include
confirmation of the availability of not less than 85% of the remaining financing
needed  for construction of the Project and approval of such construction by the
Company's Board of Directors, which approval will occur only after selection  of
an  equipment  manufacturer and  a general  contractor.  The securities  and the
underlying common shares have  not been registered under  the Securities Act  of
1933  (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States
or to a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, absent
registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
 
      There can  be  no assurances  at  this time  that  the conditions  to  the
exchange  of the securities for common stock will be satisfied by the August 25,
1994 date (which may  be extended by the  Company, with the purchasers  consent,
for  a period of up  to 20 additional days  for further consideration of $27,500
for each  extended day)  or that  the  Project will  otherwise proceed.  If  the
Project  does proceed, the Company  believes Acme's existing steel manufacturing
operations will  continue  during  construction  with  minimal  disruption.  The
Project  and the  activities of  the general contractor  will be  monitored by a
project management team composed primarily  of existing officers and  employees.
In  the  event  there are  significant  problems  with the  construction  of the
Project, senior management may have to devote substantial time to those problems
and, as a result, may devote substantially less time than is normal to  existing
operations.
 
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
 
      The  Company,  through  its subsidiaries,  has  facilities  throughout the
United States.
 
      Acme's principal properties consist of an iron-producing plant in Chicago,
Illinois and a steel  producing plant in  Riverdale, Illinois. These  facilities
include  blast  furnaces, coke  ovens, pigging  machines  for the  production of
molten iron  and pig  iron, basic  oxygen  furnaces and  rolling mills  for  the
production of flat-rolled steel. Acme also owns equity interests in raw material
mining ventures in Newfoundland (Labrador) and Quebec, Canada (iron ore).
 
      Packaging's  principal properties consist of steel strapping plants, which
include slitting and  painting equipment, in  Riverdale, Illinois, New  Britain,
Connecticut  and  Leeds,  Alabama  and a  steel  strapping  plant  in Pittsburg,
California.
 
      Alpha's three  facilities are  located in  the Toledo,  Ohio  metropolitan
area.  Alpha's  facilities include  two manufacturing  and office  buildings and
rolling mills for the production of welded steel tubing. Alpha has a third plant
at which steel is slit.
 
      Universal's  facilities  are  located  in  Butler,  Indiana.   Universal's
facilities  include  a manufacturing  and office  building, a  computer assisted
design and manufacturing system, and automated forming and assembly lines.
 
      All of these plants are owned in fee except for the Alpha facilities which
are leased through 1994, and are renewable at the option of the Company.
 
      In  the  opinion  of  management,  the  manufacturing  facilities  of  the
Company's  subsidiaries are properly maintained and their productive capacity is
adequate to meet their requirements.
 
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
      (a) General
 
      Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan  of Reorganization as of March 5,  1986,
the  Company (prior to  the Company's 1992 reorganization,  the Company was Acme
Steel Company, now a subsidiary and formerly called Interlake, Inc.  hereinafter
referred  to as the "Company") and  Interlake, its former parent company entered
into a Tax  Indemnification Agreement  ("TIA"). The TIA  generally provides  for
Interlake  to  indemnify  the Company  for  certain  tax matters.  Per  the TIA,
Interlake is solely responsible for any  additional income taxes it is  assessed
related  to adjustments relating to all tax years prior to 1982. With respect to
any additional
 
                                      -9-
<PAGE>
income taxes that are finally determined to be due with respect to the tax years
beginning in 1982 through the date of the "Spin-Off" (as said term is identified
in the Reorganization documents), the Company is responsible for taxes  relating
to  "Timing  Differences" related  to the  Company's "Continuing  Operations." A
"Timing Difference" is defined generally as an adjustment to income,  deductions
or  credits which is required to be  reported in a tax year beginning subsequent
to 1981  through the  Spin-Off, but  which will  reverse in  a subsequent  year.
"Continuing  Operations"  is defined  generally as  any business  and operations
conducted by  the Company  as of  the Spin-Off  date. Interlake  is  principally
responsible  for any additional income taxes the Company is assessed relating to
all other adjustments prior to the Spin-Off.
 
      While certain issues have been negotiated and settled between the Company,
Interlake and the  Internal Revenue  Service for  the tax  years beginning  1982
through  the date of the Spin-Off, certain  significant issues for the tax years
beginning 1985 through the  Spin-Off remain unresolved; and  on March 17,  1994,
the  Company received a Statutory Notice  of Deficiency ("Notice") in the amount
of $16.9  million  in  tax  as  a  result  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Service's
examination  of the 1982 through 1984  tax years. Interlake has been principally
responsible, pursuant  to  the TIA,  for  representing the  Company  before  the
Internal  Revenue  Service  for the  1982  through  1984 tax  years.  Should the
government sustain  its position  as proposed  for those  unresolved issues  and
those   contained  in  the  Notice,  substantial  interest  would  also  be  due
(potentially in  an amount  greater than  the tax  claimed). The  taxes  claimed
relate  principally  to  adjustments for  which  the Company  is  indemnified by
Interlake pursuant to the TIA. The  Company has adequate reserves to cover  that
portion  of the tax for which it believes it may be responsible per the TIA. The
Company intends to contest the unresolved issues and the Notice.
 
      To date Interlake has  met its obligations under  the TIA with respect  to
all  matters covered.  In the  event, Interlake, for  any reason,  was unable to
fulfill its obligations under the TIA,  the Company could have increased  future
obligations.
 
      The  Company's  subsidiaries also  have  various other  litigation matters
pending which  arise out  of the  ordinary course  of their  businesses. In  the
opinion  of management, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a
material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company.
 
      (b) Environmental
 
      In addition to  the general  matters noted  above, the  operations of  the
Company  and its subsidiary companies are subject to numerous Federal, state and
local laws and regulations providing a comprehensive program of controlling  the
discharge  of materials  into the environment  and remediation  of certain waste
disposal sites by responsible  parties for the protection  of public health  and
the  environment. In addition, various federal and state occupational safety and
health laws and regulations apply to the work place environment.
 
      The current  environmental  control  requirements  are  comprehensive  and
reflect  a  long-term  trend towards  increasing  stringency as  these  laws and
regulations are subject to  periodic renewal and  revision. The Company  expects
these  requirements will continue to become even more stringent in future years.
The 1990  Federal Clean  Air  Act amendment,  for example,  imposed  significant
additional environmental control requirements upon Acme's coke plant facilities.
 
      In  prior years, the  Company has made  substantial capital investments in
environmental  control  facilities  to  achieve  compliance  with  these   laws,
incurring  expenditures of $9.8 million for environmental projects in the period
from  1991  through  1993.  The  Company  anticipates  making  further   capital
expenditures  of approximately $6 million for environmental projects during 1994
and $7 million in 1995 to maintain compliance with these laws (exclusive of  any
such  expenditures related to the continuous thin slab caster and hot strip mill
project should this project be approved by the Company's Board of Directors). In
addition, maintenance,  depreciation  and  operating  expenses  attributable  to
installed  environmental  control facilities  are having,  and will  continue to
have, an  adverse  effect upon  the  Company's  earnings. Although  all  of  the
Company's  subsidiary  operating  companies  are  affected  by  these  laws  and
regulations, similar to other steel manufacturing operations, they have had, and
are expected to  continue to  have, a greater  impact upon  the Company's  steel
manufacturing subsidiary than on the Company's other operating subsidiaries.
 
      The  Company, principally through its operating subsidiaries, is and, from
time to  time, in  the future  will be  involved in  administrative  proceedings
involving    the    issuance,    or    renewal,    of    environmental   permits
 
                                      -10-
<PAGE>
relating to the  conduct of its  business. The final  issuance of these  permits
have  been resolved on terms satisfactory to the Company and, in the future, the
Company expects such permits will  be similarly resolved on satisfactory  terms;
however,  from time  to time, the  Company is required  to pursue administrative
and/or judicial appeals  prior to achieving  a resolution of  the terms of  such
permits.
 
      From  time  to time,  the  Company may  be  involved in  administrative or
judicial proceedings  with various  regulatory agencies  or private  parties  in
connection   with  claims   the  Company's  operations   have  violated  certain
environmental laws,  conditions  of existing  permits  or with  respect  to  the
disposal  of materials at  waste disposal sites. The  resolution of such matters
may involve the payment of civil penalties, damages, remediation expenses and/or
the expenditure of funds to add or modify pollution control equipment.
 
      WASTE REMEDIATION MATTERS
 
      Pursuant to  the Comprehensive  Environmental Response,  Compensation  and
Liability   Act  of   1980,  as   amended  by   the  Superfund   Amendments  and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.,  Section 9601 ET SEQ. ("Superfund")  and
similar  state statutes, liability for  remediation of property, including waste
disposal sites, contaminated by  hazardous materials may  be imposed on  present
and  former owners or operators of  such property and generators or transporters
of such  materials  to a  waste  disposal site  (i.e.,  Potentially  Responsible
Parties,  "PRPs"). The Company and its operating subsidiaries have been named as
PRPs with  respect  to several  such  sites.  In each  instance,  the  Company's
investigation  has evidenced  either i)  the Company  had not  disposed of waste
materials at the site and was not properly named as a PRP; or, ii) the Company's
proportion of  materials disposed  of at  such sites  is of  sufficiently  small
volume  to qualify the Company as a  DE MINIMIS contributor of waste material at
such sites. This DE MINIMIS status has been confirmed at essentially all of  the
applicable  sites.  The following  are Superfund  sites  in which  the Company's
operating  subsidiaries  have  been  identified  and  to  which  the   Company's
investigation  discloses the Company i) did not ship waste materials; or ii) the
Company is a DE MINIMIS PRP: U.S. Scrap Site, Chicago, Illinois; 9th Avenue Dump
Site, Gary, Indiana; MIDCO I and MIDCO II Site, Gary, Indiana; American Chemical
Services Site,  Griffith, Indiana;  Calumet Containers  Site, Hammond,  Indiana;
Aqua-Tech   Site,   Greer,   South  Carolina;   PSC   Resources   Site,  Palmer,
Massachusetts; U.S. Lead Refinery Site, East Chicago, Indiana; Thermo-Chem Site,
Muskegon County, Michigan; Port Monroe  Landfill Site, Monroe County,  Michigan;
and Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company Site, Chicago, Illinois.
 
      Although  no  assurances can  be given  that new  information will  not be
uncovered which would cause the Company's subsidiary companies to lose their  DE
MINIMIS status at these sites, or, that the Company, or its subsidiary companies
would  not be named as PRPs at  additional sties, the Company presently believes
its total costs for the sites named above will not be material.
 
      In  addition  to  the  foregoing  Superfund  sites,  the  following  waste
remediation matters relating to the Company's subsidiary companies are currently
pending:
 
      UNIVERSAL TOOL AND STAMPING COMPANY, INC. - CLOSURE PLAN
 
      A hazardous waste permit application under the Interim Status provision of
RCRA  was filed on  behalf of the  Company's Universal Tool  & Stamping Company,
Inc. subsidiary  ("Universal")  with U.S.  EPA  and the  Indiana  Department  of
Environmental  Management  ("IDEM") for  several  small temporary  storage areas
utilized to hold  hazardous waste prior  to shipment to  a permanent,  off-site,
approved  disposal  area.  A  permit  was  issued  categorizing  Universal  as a
Temporary Storage and/or  Disposal facility ("TSD")  which required a  statutory
showing of financial responsibility.
 
      RCRA  amendments, which were passed following  the issuance of the permit,
eliminated  the  Interim  Status  classification  and  Universal  attempted   to
recategorize  itself  as  a  Generator  of hazardous  waste  rather  than  a TSD
facility. To be reclassified as a  Generator, Universal must meet a  statutorily
prescribed   closure  procedure  ("Closure  Plan")  for  areas  where  hazardous
materials have  been temporarily  stored.  This Closure  Plan was  submitted  by
Universal  to  the  Indiana  Department  of  Environmental  Management ("IDEM").
Closure of area 1 was separated from closure of area 2, 3 and 3-Extended.
 
      On September 14, 1989 a  complaint was filed by  the U.S. EPA pursuant  to
Section 3008(a)(1) of RCRA as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 6928 and the U.S. EPA's
Consolidated  Rules of Practice Governing the Administrative Assessment of Civil
Penalties and  the Revocation  or  Suspension of  Permits,  40 C.F.R.  Part  22.
 
                                      -11-
<PAGE>
This  complaint was  resolved pursuant  to a  Consent Agreement  and Final Order
whereby Universal, through the Company, provided financial assurances and agreed
to cease all treatment,  storage or disposal of  any hazardous waste.  Universal
paid a civil penalty in the amount of $9,500.
 
      In  1988 Universal submitted a Closure Plan (the "Plan") to IDEM following
a Notice of Violation arising out of the storage of hazardous wastes for  longer
than  ninety (90)  days. This Plan  was revised in  1992 and again  in 1993. The
revised estimated cost of  remediation of Area 1  is approximately $25,000.  The
Plan  also provided for  remediation of Areas  2, 3 and  3-Extended. The revised
estimated cost of remediation of Closure Areas 2, 3 and 3-Extended is  estimated
at less than $40,000.
 
      Universal  intends  to complete  the Closure  Plan  for those  areas where
materials were temporarily stored. The costs associated with the remediation  of
these  areas have either been paid or  reserved for by Universal; however, while
there are no assurances the final costs may not exceed these estimates, they are
not expected to be significant.
 
      ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION AT THE PACKAGING FACILITY LOCATED AT 855 NORTH
      PARKSIDE DRIVE, PITTSBURG, CALIFORNIA
 
      On or about March  31, 1988, the Company's  Acme Steel Company  subsidiary
entered  into  an  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  for  the  acquisition  of  assets
associated with a strapping facility located in Pittsburg East, California  (the
"Pittsburg  Facility").  Pursuant  to  the  Company's  1992  reorganization, the
Pittsburg Facility  was conveyed  to the  Company's Acme  Packaging  Corporation
subsidiary  ("Packaging").  During the  course  of the  Company's  due diligence
investigation conducted prior to the acquisition of the Pittsburg Facility,  the
Company  identified contamination in  the soil and  groundwater at the Pittsburg
Facility. As  part  of the  acquisition,  the seller  undertook  obligations  in
connection  with environmental contamination at the Pittsburg Facility and these
obligations were guaranteed by  the seller and its  parent company. The  Company
made a demand on prior owners of the Pittsburg Facility and when no satisfactory
resolution was achieved, the Company commenced litigation.
 
      The  litigation was settled in 1990 by agreement among the Company and the
prior owners and operators of the Pittsburg Facility. The Settlement required  a
prior  owner to  remediate contamination  detected in  the groundwater,  soil or
subsurface soil on, under or near the Pittsburg Facility and to investigate  and
remediate other contamination on, under or near the Pittsburg Facility caused by
prior  owners  of  that facility  and  to investigate  and  remove contamination
brought to  the Pittsburg  Facility during  the remediation  program. The  prior
owner  is responsible for preparation of a Remedial Action Plan (the "Plan") and
to verify  that  the appropriate  local,  state  and federal  agencies  have  no
objection to the Plan as completed. The remediation levels are subject to local,
state  and federal  laws, rules  and regulations.  The Packaging's participation
includes observation of  the former  owner's actions  and to  contribute to  the
funding of the Plan costs in a non-material amount.
 
      While  the facility has been closed for business reasons, the remediation,
principally in the form of a  groundwater extraction and treatment system  which
discharges  the treated water to a nearby sanitary sewer under permit continues.
Based on the information available to  date, the Packaging's level of  financial
commitments  have not been significant and the  balance of its commitment is not
anticipated to be significant.
 
      LEEDS, ALABAMA - ELEVATED LEVELS OF LEAD
 
      In September, 1992,  the Company's Acme  Packaging Corporation  subsidiary
("Packaging")  hired a consulting engineering firm  for the purpose of providing
soil sampling and analysis  in connection with an  application for a  stormwater
permit  for its Leeds, Alabama, plant. Pursuant to an investigation conducted by
the consultant,  elevated  levels  of  lead were  discovered  on  the  property,
including  one  area  of  the  property  wherein  buried  drums  were discovered
containing lead.
 
      In January, 1993, Packaging advised the seller of this plant site that the
sampling program was initiated in conjunction with filing a Notice of Intent for
the  plant  for   coverage  under  the   Alabama  Department  of   Environmental
Management's  General Stormwater Discharge  Permit. The seller  was advised that
the results of the sampling program showed runoff from the west parking lot area
contained  elevated  concentrations  of  lead   in  the  samples.  Pursuant   to
Packaging's  investigation,  Packaging  advised  the  seller  that  all evidence
indicates these conditions were present on  the property at the time the  seller
owned the property
 
                                      -12-
<PAGE>
and  were  present at  the time  the Leeds,  Alabama, facility  was sold  to the
Company on March 29, 1989; and, pursuant  to the terms of the purchase and  sale
agreements  relating to this property, the seller is responsible for remediating
any lead or other  contaminants located on this  property. Without admitting  or
denying  its liability, the seller  has retained a consultant  to conduct a full
investigation, sampling and analysis of the property.
 
      Packaging is cooperating  with the seller  regarding the investigation  of
the  contamination of this  property by lead,  and/or other substances; however,
Packaging intends to vigorously pursue its remedies under the purchase and  sale
agreements with the seller.
 
      ADMINISTRATIVE AND LITIGATION MATTERS
 
      The  Company, or its operating subsidiaries  are currently involved in the
following matters relating  to administrative regulations  which affect, or  may
affect,  the operations, the  permits or the issuance  of permits; or litigation
relating to the Company:
 
      ACME STEEL COMPANY - NPDES PERMIT
 
      In 1991, the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency ("IEPA"), issued the
Company's Acme  Steel Company  subsidiary  ("Acme") a  permit, pursuant  to  the
National Pollution Discharge Elimination System ("NPDES") regulating non-contact
water  discharges to the Calumet River from  Acme's coke and blast furnace plant
facilities.  The  NPDES  permit  contains  strict  temperature  and   stormwater
discharge  limitations. Acme filed an appeal of certain conditions of the permit
with the  Illinois  Pollution Control  Board  ("IPCB"). Acme  is  proceeding  to
resolve  this matter through the administrative  proceedings which allow for the
filing of a Petition for an Adjusted Standard and a request the IPCB grant  Acme
an  adjusted  standard and  relief  from the  temperature  limitations. Further,
through modification of certain provisions in the permit and the  implementation
of  best management practices, Acme anticipates  achieving control of the Acme's
stormwater discharge  to an  the extent  that it  will achieve  compliance  with
permit conditions.
 
      In  the event  these matters are  not resolved  through the administrative
process as outlined above, Acme will petition  the IPCB for a variance from  the
General  Use  Water  Quality  Standards.  If  issued,  a  variance  will provide
temporary relief. Future compliance with permit conditions would be achieved  at
an  estimated capital  expenditure of  approximately $4.0  million and operating
expenses would be incurred at an  annual rate of approximately $600,000. In  the
event  Acme's Petition  for an  Adjusted Standard  is denied  and a  variance is
denied, Acme may be subject to penalties until compliance is achieved.
 
      While the Company  believes Acme has  demonstrated it is  entitled to  the
issuance  of an  Adjusted Standard, or  absent an Adjusted  Standard, a variance
allowing the Company sufficient time to install additional capital equipment  to
achieve  compliance, there are no  assurances the same will  be granted. If such
relief is not  granted, and penalties  are assessed, the  Company does not  have
sufficient  information to estimate its liabilities  for such penalties, if any,
which may be assessed.
 
      REMOVAL CREDITS AND PRETREATMENT
 
      The Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago ("MWRD") is
a publicly owned treatment works ("POTW"). The MWRD applied to the U.S. EPA  for
authority  to revise  categorical pretreatment  standards to  reflect the actual
treatment provided by the MWRD for waste water discharged to the MWRD's POTW  by
industrial  users  ("Removal  Credits").  These  revised  categorical standards,
reflecting Removal Credits are  essential for the  Company's Acme Steel  Company
subsidiary  ("Acme") to avoid  expenditures for control of  4AAP phenol found in
discharges from its  coke by-products  plant and  for control  of certain  other
pollutants.  In 1987, the MWRD's application was  denied by the U.S. EPA and the
denial was upheld by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
The U.S. EPA maintained  that under the  Clean Water Act  and decisions of  U.S.
District  Courts, that it could not approve Removal Credits until it promulgated
"sludge criteria."
 
      In 1993,  the U.S.  EPA  promulgated sludge  criteria which  included  the
possibility  of granting Removal  Credits for phenols  in certain circumstances.
Acme petitioned the MWRD for Removal Credits. Following this petition, the  MWRD
again applied to the U.S. EPA for authority to grant Removal Credits. While this
application  was  denied, the  U.S. EPA  stated  that if  the Agency  amends its
regulations with respect to phenol 4AAP either as a result of the petition filed
by the MWRD or independently, that the MWRD may then resubmit its application.
 
                                      -13-
<PAGE>
      Acme filed Comments  and a Request  for Reconsideration and  Clarification
concerning  U.S. EPA's Standards for  Disposal of Sludges with  the U.S. EPA and
filed a Petition for Review of the U.S. EPA's decision with the Court of Appeals
for the DC Circuit.  Both the Comments and  Request for Reconsideration and  the
Petition  for Review  are pending.  While Acme  continues to  challenge the U.S.
EPA's denial of the Removal  Credits application and is pursuing  administrative
and  legal remedies, Acme could be subject  to allegations it is in violation of
currently applicable pretreatment standards and  could be required to  negotiate
appropriate resolutions with the U.S. EPA and the MWRD which could result in the
payment of penalties. In the event Acme is unsuccessful in its challenge of U.S.
EPA's actions, capital expenditures required to bring its discharges to the MWRD
into compliance with the current applicable pretreatment standards are estimated
at approximately $6.0 million.
 
      Although  Acme  is  vigorously pursuing  its  administrative  and judicial
remedies and  would vigorously  contest  any action  to assess  civil  penalties
against  Acme, the Company does not  have sufficient information to estimate its
potential liability, if any, if Acme's efforts to obtain such relief, or contest
such penalty assessments, are not successful.
 
      ACME STEEL COMPANY CONSENT DECREE (BOF)
 
      The  Illinois  Environmental  Protection  Agency  ("IEPA"),  through   the
Illinois  Attorney  General's Office,  filed an  enforcement action  against the
Company's Acme Steel Company  subsidiary ("Acme") in the  Circuit Court of  Cook
County,  Illinois.  The IEPA  claimed violations  of the  Illinois Environmental
Protection Act  and the  state  of Illinois  Air Pollution  Control  Regulations
arising  out of  the discharge  of particulate matter  and dust  from the Acme's
basic oxygen furnace located  at its Riverdale facility.  During 1993, Acme  and
the  Attorney General for  the State of  Illinois entered into  a Consent Decree
which was  filed with  the Circuit  Court  of Cook  County. The  Consent  Decree
required  Acme to improve  certain operating and  maintenance practices, upgrade
certain equipment and  pay a civil  penalty of $17,500.  Acme has completed  all
requirements  of the  Consent Decree and  is in substantial  compliance with all
continuing obligations of the Consent Decree.
 
      UNIVERSAL TOOL & STAMPING COMPANY, INC. CONSENT DECREE COMPLIANCE
 
      The  Company's  Universal  Tool   &  Stamping  Company,  Inc.   subsidiary
("Universal") owns and operates a Class B industrial waste water treatment plant
("WWTP")  subject  to a  federal Clean  Water  Act National  Pollution Discharge
Elimination System ("NPDES")  permit. The State  of Indiana issued  a Notice  of
Violation  to  Universal in  1985  resulting from  violations  of the  terms and
conditions of Universal's NPDES permit. In  1987 Universal entered into a  Final
Consent  Order which provided  a schedule for Universal  to come into compliance
with the NPDES permit affluent limitations and contained additional  limitations
on Universal's discharge from the WWTP. Compliance with effluent limitations was
not   achieved  until  February,  1993.  Settlement  conferences  were  held  in
September, 1993  and a  Consent Order  was entered  into wherein  Universal  was
assessed  a Civil Penalty in the amount of $59,175 and which subjected Universal
to continued penalties in  the event of  a violation of the  terms of its  NPDES
permit  occurring  during a  six  (6) month  period  following execution  of the
Consent Order. Universal  continues to  operate in compliance  with the  Consent
Order  and has not experienced any reportable  violations of its NPDES permit or
any term of the Consent Order as of this date.
 
OTHER MATTERS
 
      GREAT LAKES INITIATIVE
 
      The U.S. EPA  and the eight  Great Lakes States  are currently  developing
guidelines  for discharge  standards in  the Great  Lakes basin  pursuant to the
Great Lakes Critical Programs Act  ("guidelines"). These guidelines were due  to
be  issued in 1991; however,  due to the complexity  of the process and subject,
these guidelines have not yet  been published. When finalized, these  guidelines
are  expected to require substantially  more stringent limitations on industrial
discharges to the water  of, or entering, the  Great Lakes than those  currently
applicable to such industrial waste waters. After publication of the Guidelines,
each  state  would revise  its water  discharge  regulations to  incorporate the
substance of the contents of the Guidelines.
 
      All of the  process waste  waters from  the Company's  Acme Steel  Company
subsidiary  ("Acme")  are  discharged  to  the  Metropolitan  Water  Reclamation
District of Greater Chicago's ("MWRD") sewerage system
 
                                      -14-
<PAGE>
for treatment by  the MWRD's municipal  sewerage plant. Until  such time as  the
final  guidelines  are  published  by  U.S.  EPA  and  specific  water  effluent
limitations for the MWRD's  public sewerage plants are  adopted by the  Illinois
EPA, the Company is unable to determine whether or not Acme will be subjected to
further  restrictions on  its process  water discharges  to the  MWRD's sewerage
system or the cost of implementing such requirements, if any.
 
      1986 REORGANIZATION MATTERS
 
      Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan  of Reorganization dated as of March  5,
1986,  (the "Reorganization") between  the Company (prior  to the Company's 1992
reorganization, the  Company  was  Acme  Steel Company,  now  a  subsidiary  and
formerly  called Interlake, Inc.; hereinafter referred  to as the "Company") and
its former parent company, The Interlake Corporation ("Interlake"), the  Company
became  a  separate,  publicly  held corporation  with  separate  management. In
connection with this Reorganization,  Interlake and the  Company entered into  a
Cross-Indemnification  Agreement,  dated May  29,  1986, (the  "Agreement") more
specifically described in Exhibit 10.2  to the Company's Annual Report/Form  10K
filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission for the fiscal year 1992.
 
      Pursuant  to the terms of  this Agreement, for a  period of ten (10) years
following the  date  of  the "Spin-Off"  (as  said  term is  identified  in  the
Reorganization  documents), the Company undertook  to defend, indemnify and hold
Interlake and its affiliates harmless from and against any and all "Claims,"  as
that term is defined in the Agreement, occurring either before or after the date
of  the  Reorganization and  which  arose out  of or  are  related to  the "Acme
Business." The Acme Business  is more specifically defined  in the Agreement  as
the  iron and steel and  domestic U.S. steel strapping  business as conducted by
the Company on  or about May  29, 1986.  The indemnification by  the Company  of
Interlake with respect to any claims includes, but is not limited to, all claims
asserted  in connection with the Company's interests or obligations with respect
to: Wabush Iron  Company, Ltd.;  Wabush Mines;  Erie Mining  Company; Olga  Coal
Company;  assets and liabilities related to  qualified welfare and benefit plans
with respect to retired,  current and future employees  of the Company;  certain
environmental  matters  relating  to the  Acme  Business, whether  brought  by a
governmental agency  or  a private  entity;  workers' compensation  matters  and
occupational  safety, health  and administration matters;  and product liability
and general  liability matters  related to  the Acme  Businesses. The  Agreement
designated certain mineral property interests retained by the Company, including
land  held  for  the  account  of the  Company  by  Syracuse  Mining  Company, a
subsidiary of Pickands  Mather and  Company; stock  held in  Tilden Iron  Mining
Company;  and, lands owned in Bruce County, Ontario, Canada, as being within the
scope of the indemnification.
 
      Similarly, and for the same period of time, Interlake undertook to defend,
indemnify and hold the Company and its affiliates harmless from and against  all
"Claims,"  as that term is defined in  the Agreement, occurring either before or
after the date of the Reorganization related to the operation of all  businesses
and  properties currently  owned, directly  or indirectly,  by Interlake  or any
subsidiary of Interlake (other than the Company and its affiliates) and relating
to the  Transferred Property,  as that  term is  defined in  the  Reorganization
Agreement  (but excluding the  Acme Business), and,  any business and properties
discontinued or sold  by Interlake  or Interlake, Inc.  prior to  May 29,  1986,
including  any discontinued or sold businesses  or property which, if continued,
would be  part of  the  Acme Business.  The  indemnification by  Interlake  with
respect  to any Claims incurred in connection  with or arising out of or related
to Interlake  Business,  as  that  term is  defined  more  specifically  in  the
Agreement,  includes but is not limited  to: those claims asserted in connection
with certain  stock  options,  rights, awards  and  programs;  certain  deferred
compensation  matters;  certain  matters  arising  under  qualified  welfare and
benefit plans  and  post-retirement  income plans;  and,  environmental  matters
relating  to Interlake  Businesses whether  brought by  governmental agencies or
private entities. These environmental  matters include, without limitation,  the
lawsuit  captioned  PEOPLE  OF THE  STATE  OF  ILLINOIS V.  WASTE  MANAGEMENT OF
ILLINOIS, INTERLAKE, INC. AND  FIRST NATIONAL BANK  OF WESTERN SPRINGS,  Circuit
Court  of Cook County, Illinois  (No. 85 L 30162);  the disposal of materials at
the landfill operated by Conservation Chemical located at Gary, Indiana, to  the
extent  such materials originated at the  plant of Gary Steel Company; operation
of facilities by predecessors of Interlake, Inc. at Duluth, Minnesota;  workers'
compensation,  occupational safety and health  matters relating to the Interlake
Business; general products liability and  general litigation matters related  to
Interlake's  Business; and, the matters arising from Lake Mining Company, Mauthe
Mining Company,  Odanah  Iron Company,  Vermillion  Mining Company  and  Western
Mining Company.
 
                                      -15-
<PAGE>
      Pursuant  to this Agreement,  Interlake has provided  the defense and paid
all costs in  the matter of  CITY OF  TOLEDO V. BEAZER  MATERIALS AND  SERVICES,
INC.,  SUCCESSOR-IN-INTEREST TO KOPPERS COMPANY,  INC., TOLEDO COKE CORPORATION,
THE  INTERLAKE  CORPORATION,  SUCCESSOR-IN-INTEREST  TO  INTERLAKE,  INC.,   THE
INTERLAKE  COMPANIES, INC., SUCCESSOR-IN-INTEREST TO INTERLAKE, INC., ACME STEEL
COMPANY, SUCCESSOR-IN-INTEREST TO INTERLAKE, INC., United States District Court,
Northern District of Ohio, Western Division, Case No. 3:90 CV 7344, which is  an
action  for declaratory and injunctive relief by the City of Toledo (the "City")
to recover its past and future costs and damages associated with the presence of
and release of hazardous substances,  hazardous wastes, solid waste,  industrial
waste  and other waste at  or about property located  on Front Street in Toledo,
Ohio.  The  City  seeks  relief  pursuant  to  the  Comprehensive  Environmental
Response,  Compensation and Liability Act  ("CERCLA"), the Resource Conservation
Recovery Act  ("RCRA")  and on  the  basis of  nuisance.  City claims  that  the
defendants  owned and/or operated facilities located  on Front Street in Toledo,
Ohio  which  generated,  transported  and/or  treated,  stored  or  disposed  of
hazardous  substances, hazardous wastes,  solid wastes and  industrial wastes or
other wastes  which were  released at  and from  the facility  by defendants  or
successors-in-interest   to  the  entities  which  owned,  operated,  generated,
transported and/or treated,  stored or  disposed of  said substances.  Interlake
also has and continues to provide indemnification to the Company for the Duluth,
Minnesota,  facility which has  been designated as a  Superfund Site pursuant to
the Comprehensive  Environmental Response,  Compensation  and Liability  Act  of
1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42
U.S.C. Section 9601, ET SEQ.
 
      To  date Interlake has met its obligations under the Cross-Indemnification
Agreement with respect  to all  matters covered therein  affecting the  Company,
including  those matters  related to  litigation and  environmental matters. The
Company  does  not  have  sufficient  information  to  determine  the  potential
liability  of the Company, if  any, for the matters  covered by the Agreement in
the event Interlake fails to meet  its obligations thereunder in the future.  In
the  event, Interlake,  for any  reason, was  unable to  fulfill its obligations
under the  Cross-Indemnification Agreement,  the  Company could  have  increased
future obligations.
 
ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
      No  matters were  submitted to  a vote  of the  Company's security holders
during the last quarter of the last fiscal year.
 
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
 
      The information relating to the market for the Company's common stock  and
related  shareholder  matters  appears  in the  note  to  consolidated financial
statements titled LONG-TERM DEBT and REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT, page 45, and on
the inside  back cover  of the  Annual Report  under the  captions STOCK  MARKET
INFORMATION  and DIVIDEND POLICY which is incorporated by reference in this Form
10-K Annual Report.
 
                                      -16-
<PAGE>
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
      Certain   amounts  have  been  reclassified   to  conform  with  the  1993
presentation. A  ten-year presentation  is provided.  Acme Metals  Incorporated,
formerly Acme Steel Company, became a public company in 1986 when, following the
reorganization of Interlake, Inc., the shares of the company were distributed to
shareholders  of  The Interlake  Corporation,  pursuant to  a  reorganization of
Interlake, Inc. Financial data for 1984 and 1985 have been reconstructed.
 
      TEN YEARS IN REVIEW (dollars in thousands except for per share data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            1993        1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>
Income Data
    Net sales                             $457,406    $391,562
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Gross profit                          $ 45,223    $ 29,546
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Income (loss) before income taxes,
     extraordinary credit and cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principle                            $ 10,432    $ (4,522)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Income tax provision (credit)         $  4,173    $ (1,673)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss) before
     extraordinary credit and cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principle                            $  6,259    $ (2,849)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Extraordinary credit resulting from
     utilization of net operating loss
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Cumulative effect on prior years of
     changes in accounting principle                  $(50,323)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss)                     $  6,259    $(53,172)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Per Share Data
    Income (loss) before extraordinary
     credit and cumulative effect of
     changes in accounting principle      $   1.15    $  (0.53)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Extraordinary credit
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Cumulative effect of changes in
     accounting principle                             $  (9.32)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss)                     $   1.15    $  (9.85)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Shareholders' equity                  $  15.29    $  16.55
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet
    Current assets                        $170,394    $148,860
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Property, plant and equipment, net    $115,539    $120,689
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets                          $333,869    $300,702
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Current liabilities                   $ 77,197    $ 59,425
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Long-term debt                        $ 49,333    $ 56,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Shareholders' equity                  $ 83,203    $ 89,295
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows
    Net cash provided by (used for)
     operating activities                 $ 16,041    $ 24,018
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used for investing           $(11,749)   $ (6,562)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash provided by (used for)
     financing                            $ (3,072)   $     34
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net increase (decrease) in cash       $  1,220    $ 17,490
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio Analysis (%)
    Gross profit margin                        9.9         7.5
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Pre-tax margin                             2.3        (1.2)(b)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Net margin                                 1.4        (0.7)(b)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Return on shareholders' equity             7.3(d)    (59.5)(c)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Debt as a percentage of
     capitalization                             40          40(c)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Additional Information
    Depreciation                          $ 15,234    $ 14,705
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Capital expenditures                  $ 11,749    $  7,557
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Working capital                       $ 93,197    $ 89,435
- --------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(a) Includes  net  transactions  with  Interlake prior  to  the  public  company
formation.
(b)  Computed  before  cumulative  effect of  changes  in  accounting principle.
(c) Includes result of cumulative effect of changes in accounting principle  and
    an  $8 million reduction  in retained earnings related  to a minimum pension
    liability adjustment.
(d) Includes a $13.1 million reduction in retained earnings related to a minimum
    pension liability adjustment.
</TABLE>
 
                                      -17-
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            1991      1990      1989      1988      1987      1986      1985          1984
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>
Income Data
    Net sales                             $376,951  $446,042  $439,412  $412,453  $335,488  $240,314  $239,861      $291,196
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Gross profit                          $ 27,748  $ 36,712  $ 51,886  $ 54,493  $ 31,314  $ 14,174  $ 12,032      $ 32,337
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Income (loss) before income taxes,
     extraordinary credit and cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principle                            $ (3,050) $  9,388  $ 26,126  $ 30,982  $ 13,302  $(21,103) $ (2,847)     $ 16,202
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Income tax provision (credit)         $   (732) $  3,755  $  9,926  $ 12,393  $  6,360            $ (1,451)     $  6,220
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss) before
     extraordinary credit and cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principle                            $ (2,318) $  5,633  $ 16,200  $ 18,589  $  6,942  $(21,103) $ (1,396)     $  9,982
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Extraordinary credit resulting from
     utilization of net operating loss                                  $  1,010  $  6,041
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Cumulative effect on prior years of
     changes in accounting principle
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss)                     $ (2,318) $  5,633  $ 16,200  $ 19,599  $ 12,983  $(21,103) $ (1,396)     $  9,982
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Per Share Data
    Income (loss) before extraordinary
     credit and cumulative effect of
     changes in accounting principle      $  (0.43) $   1.05  $   3.00  $   3.22  $   1.19  $  (3.66) $  (0.24)     $   1.74
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Extraordinary credit                                                    0.17      1.03
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Cumulative effect of changes in
     accounting principle
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net income (loss)                        (0.43)     1.05      3.00      3.39      2.22     (3.66)    (0.24)         1.74
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Shareholders' equity                  $  28.13  $  28.65  $  27.63  $  24.62  $  21.43  $  19.01  $  19.31      $  21.54
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet
    Current assets                        $134,192  $126,497  $149,199  $102,572  $ 86,117  $ 70,772  $ 58,837      $ 69,334
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Property, plant and equipment, net    $129,730  $133,419  $116,552  $104,024  $ 99,285  $ 91,583  $ 88,806      $ 91,047
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets                          $290,736  $286,603  $285,275  $224,070  $201,155  $177,085  $171,205      $187,298
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Current liabilities                   $ 50,027  $ 50,026  $ 57,683  $ 66,331  $ 51,511  $ 47,297  $ 49,250      $ 52,856
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Long-term debt                        $ 59,500  $ 59,500  $ 59,500  $  9,500  $  9,500  $ 10,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Shareholders' equity                  $150,664  $152,370  $147,106  $130,390  $124,775  $110,486  $110,474      $123,251
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows
    Net cash provided by (used for)
     operating activities                 $ 21,721  $ 24,045  $ 20,805  $ 23,252  $ 22,750  $ (5,731) $ 18,128      $ 36,144
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash used for investing            (10,611)  (37,693)  (38,804)  (16,014)  (18,909)  (12,363)   (6,754)      (11,599)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net cash provided by (used for)
     financing                                (443)     (328)   50,155   (15,410)    1,213    22,947   (11,381)(a)   (24,544)(a)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net increase (decrease) in cash       $ 10,667  $(13,976) $ 32,156  $ (8,172) $  5,054  $  4,853  $     (7)(a)  $      1(a)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio Analysis (%)
    Gross profit margin                        7.4       8.2      11.8      13.2       9.3       5.9       5.0          11.1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Pre-tax margin                            (0.8)      2.1       5.9       7.5       4.0      (8.8)     (1.2)          5.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net margin                                (0.6)      1.3       3.7       4.8       3.9      (8.8)     (0.6)          3.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Return on shareholders' equity            (1.5)      3.8      11.6      15.0      11.0     (17.9)     (1.2)          7.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Debt as a percentage of
     capitalization                             28        28        29         7         7         8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional Information
    Depreciation                          $ 14,224  $ 13,031  $ 12,031  $ 10,742  $  9,873  $  9,629  $  9,202      $  8,941
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Capital expenditures                  $ 10,611  $ 28,604  $ 14,960  $  9,314  $  7,151  $ 12,363  $  6,754      $ 11,599
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Working capital                       $ 84,165  $ 76,471  $ 91,516  $ 36,241  $ 34,666  $ 23,475  $  9,587      $ 16,478
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                      -18-
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS
 
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
 
      In 1993, Acme enjoyed an improvement in orders and pricing that benefitted
the  steel  industry  as  a  whole.  Order  rates  for  all  products  increased
significantly  during the year.  The Steel Making  Segment increased its average
selling price for commercial steel by  $40 per ton (approximately 10%) over  the
course of 1993. However, in comparison to the prior year, selling prices were up
only  3 percent as Acme,  like most steel producers, did  not feel the impact of
the price hike until  the second half  of the year due  to the gradual  phase-in
period  of the price increase. Average  selling prices for the Steel Fabricating
Segments' products were  higher in 1993  with steel strapping  and welded  steel
tube  prices increasing largely  in response to price  increases by suppliers of
raw materials as well as competitors.
 
      The Steel  Making Segment  operates in  a highly  competitive market  with
lower cost steel-making techniques and intensifying competition from other steel
producers, foreign imports and substitute materials, severely limiting the steel
industry's  ability to achieve and sustain higher prices. In fact, even with the
price increases instituted in  1993, average steel  prices remain only  slightly
higher  than  the average  price levels  in 1988.  Because of  this intensifying
competition and price stagnation for our products, the Company's management  and
its  Board of  Directors are  evaluating the  costs and  benefits of  building a
continuous thin-slab caster/hot strip mill complex (the "Project") at Acme Steel
Company's Riverdale,  Illinois  steel  plant. If  approved,  the  Project  would
involve the largest capital outlay in the Company's history. See Item 1(e) for a
discussion  of the Project. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion
of certain financial aspects of the Project.
 
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
      SEVENTEEN PERCENT INCREASE IN SALES OVER 1992
 
      In 1993, the Company benefitted from the strengthening economy in terms of
increased shipments  and  higher average  selling  prices.  As a  result  of  an
improving  economy  and price  increases,  the Company  experienced  the highest
quarterly net sales in its history  in 1993's fourth quarter achieving sales  of
$120.5  million. For  the year,  consolidated sales  totaled $457.4  million, up
$65.8 million over 1992 sales. Shipments of products were strong, representing a
$57.5 million increase from  last year's volume  levels. Average selling  prices
were 2 percent higher than in 1992 with all of the increase coming in the second
half  of the year. The improvement in  selling prices added $8.3 million to 1993
net sales.
 
      COMPARING 1992 TO 1991 SALES
 
      As a result of the modest economic recovery that began in 1992, net  sales
of  $391.6 million  were $14.6  million, or  4 percent,  higher than  prior year
sales. Shipments of products rebounded, representing a $22 million increase from
1991 levels. However, selling  prices on average declined  2 percent from  prior
year's  prices. The weakness in selling prices, particularly for steel and steel
strapping products, had a $7.4 million negative effect on 1992 sales.
 
      COMPARATIVE SALES BY SEGMENT
 
      The table below presents the percentage make-up of the products comprising
our business segments, for the past three years.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    1993
<S>                                                                                                             <C>
Sheet and strip steel                                                                                                   37%
Semi-finished steel                                                                                                      2%
Iron products and other                                                                                                  2%
    TOTAL STEEL MAKING SEGMENT                                                                                          41%
Sheet strapping and strapping tools                                                                                     33%
Welded steel tube                                                                                                       16%
Auto and light truck jacks                                                                                              10%
    TOTAL STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT                                                                                     59%
 
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    1992
<S>                                                                                               <C>
Sheet and strip steel                                                                                                   33%
Semi-finished steel                                                                                                      2%
Iron products and other                                                                                                  2%
    TOTAL STEEL MAKING SEGMENT                                                                                          37%
Sheet strapping and strapping tools                                                                                     36%
Welded steel tube                                                                                                       16%
Auto and light truck jacks                                                                                              11%
    TOTAL STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT                                                                                     63%
 
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    1991
Sheet and strip steel                                                                                                   32%
Semi-finished steel                                                                                                      1%
Iron products and other                                                                                                  4%
    TOTAL STEEL MAKING SEGMENT                                                                                          37%
Sheet strapping and strapping tools                                                                                     38%
Welded steel tube                                                                                                       16%
Auto and light truck jacks                                                                                               9%
    TOTAL STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT                                                                                     63%
</TABLE>
 
      HIGHER NET SALES LEADS TO IMPROVED GROSS PROFIT PERCENTAGE
 
      Gross profit  as a  percent of  sales  in 1993  equaled 9.9  percent,  the
highest  percentage since  1989. The gross  profit percentages in  1992 and 1991
were 7.5  percent and  7.4  percent, respectively.  Increased sales  volume  and
higher  average selling prices were the primary determinants for the significant
increase in gross margin over last  year. Operating costs, however, were  higher
in  1993. Labor costs increased due to a combination of higher overtime premiums
and incentive bonuses, a negotiated bonus payment to the Company's union workers
for ratifying  the one  year labor  contract  that ended  August, 1993  of  $0.8
million  and a union signing  bonus and lump sum  payments negotiated as part of
the current labor contract resulting in charges of $0.3 million during the year.
Unplanned expenditures to repair Acme's basic oxygen furnace and primary rolling
mill also reduced gross profit in 1993. Pension expense was $1.5 million  higher
than  in 1992 as  the Company recorded a  $0.3 million expense  in 1993 versus a
$1.2 million pension benefit  in the prior year.  Depreciation has increased  in
$0.5  million  increments over  the  last two  years  due partially  to  a major
relining of Acme's blast furnace in 1990.
 
                                      -19-
<PAGE>
      Selling and administrative expenses in 1993 were $1.7 million higher  than
a  year ago. However, on a percentage of sales basis, selling and administrative
expenses improved over  last year as  expenses totaled 6.7  percent of sales  in
1993  versus 7.4  and 7.8  percent in 1992  and 1991,  respectively. The Company
began to benefit from lower labor  costs resulting from a program, initiated  in
the  1992 third quarter and  substantially completed by year  end, to reduce our
salaried employee work-force by 10 percent.  The 1993 savings from this  program
were  sufficient to offset  higher medical costs  for selling and administrative
employees.
 
      During 1992, the Company recorded  a $2.7 million restructuring charge  in
connection with its 10 percent salaried work force reduction which was completed
during 1993. This charge covered additional pension liability and extra vacation
pay  as part of an early retirement offer and severance payments for involuntary
separations. See  the  note to  the  financial statements  titled  RESTRUCTURING
CHARGE for further specific components of the charge.
 
      The  Company  recorded a  $1.9 million  non-recurring  charge in  1993 for
equipment impairments in connection with the $1.3 million write-off Acme's No. 3
Hot Strip Mill and Billet Mill and  a $0.6 million expense to close  Packaging's
Pittsburg-East  facility in California and write-off a strapping line at its New
Britain, Connecticut, facility.
 
      Interest expense  was slightly  lower than  the prior  year. The  decrease
resulted  from a reduced balance  on our long-term debt as  the result of a $3.5
million principal payment in May. Interest income was $0.1 million lower than in
1992 due mainly to  reduced returns on cash  balances. Earnings before  interest
expense,  taxes and cumulative  effect of changes  in accounting principles were
2.9 times interest expense in 1993 as compared to .2 times in 1992 and .5  times
in 1991.
 
      In 1993, the Company recorded a $1.2 million pre-tax gain as the result of
a  settlement of prior claims against LTV Steel Company (LTV) by Wabush Iron, in
an iron ore mine equity  interest held by Acme  pursuant to the finalization  of
LTV's  plan of reorganization. The  sale of all of  the Company's interests in a
coal producing property located in West Virginia added approximately $1  million
to  pre-tax income in 1992. In 1991, the Company benefitted from a one-time gain
of $1.2 million from the assignment to a third party of Acme's rights in certain
claims allowed in the LTV Steel bankruptcy.
 
      Nonoperating income in  1993 was  consistent with a  year earlier  because
royalty income in the current year was offset by a loss on the disposal of fixed
assets recorded in 1992.
 
      The income tax expense for 1993 equaled $4.2 million based on a 40 percent
effective  tax rate. Because of losses in  1992 and 1991, the Company recognized
income tax benefits of $1.7 million in 1992, based on a 37 percent effective tax
rate and $0.7 million in 1991, based on a 24 percent effective tax rate.
 
      1993 NET INCOME OF $6.3 MILLION BEST EARNINGS PERFORMANCE SINCE 1989
 
      For 1993, the Company registered net income of $6.3 million, or $1.15  per
share. In 1992, the Company incurred a net loss of $2.8 million, or 53 cents per
share,  before the  cumulative effect  of changes  in accounting  principles. In
1991, the Company incurred  a net loss  of $2.3 million, equal  to 43 cents  per
share.  The improvement in net income  was due primarily to increased shipments,
and to a lesser extent, higher average selling prices for steel, steel strapping
and welded steel tube.
 
      In 1992, the Company adopted both Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No.
106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" and
FAS No. 109, "Accounting  for Income Taxes." The  transition effect of  adopting
FAS  No. 106  resulted in  a $67.6  million charge  to 1992  earnings, partially
offset by $25.4  million in  income tax effects.  The cumulative  effect of  the
adoption of FAS No. 109 increased the 1992 net loss by $8.1 million.
 
      OUTLOOK
 
      If  the Board of  Directors approves the construction  of the Project (see
Item 1(e)), the  estimated capital cost  will approximate $300  million to  $350
million.  It is expected that  the Project will be  financed by a combination of
existing cash, new equity  and debt. An investment  banker has been retained  to
assist  the Company  in its  financing activities.  If the  Project is approved,
there will be a one-time, non-cash charge to earnings to write down those assets
that will be replaced because of the  new technology, and a provision to  record
estimated  costs  related to  the  associated restructuring  of  operations. The
financial impact of the  asset write-down and  restructuring charge would  total
approximately  $13  million,  pre-tax. (See  Liquidity  and  Capital Resources.)
Additionally, the Company will benefit  from using the higher statutory  federal
tax  rate to value its deferred tax accounts.  The effect of this change will be
to lower the Company's effective tax rate from 40% to 34% in 1994.
 
      The Company is well  positioned in terms of  labor stability for the  next
several  years due to its new  long-term agreements with the United Steelworkers
of America (USWA). The new contracts cover approximately 1,500 hourly  employees
at  the Chicago and Riverdale operations and are slated to run through 1999 with
a reopener on wages only, subject to binding arbitration in 1996.
 
      Financial results in 1994 should improve  in comparison with 1993, if  the
economy  continues to strengthen and the  Company receives the full year benefit
of the 1993  price increases for  commercial steel, steel  strapping and  welded
steel  tubing. The Company expects to  derive additional gains from the recently
announced price increases scheduled to take effect in January and July of  1994.
In addition, cost reduction efforts and the benefits of facility rationalization
undertaken in 1993 will enhance the gains derived from increased sales.
 
      In   November  1992,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  issued
Statement No. 112,  "Employers' Accounting for  Postemployment Benefits,"  which
requires  accrual  basis accounting  for  Postemployment benefits,  and  must be
adopted not later than fiscal 1994. Postemployment benefits include all benefits
paid after  employment but  before  retirement, such  as layoff  and  disability
benefits.  The Company has not yet determined  the impact, if any, or the timing
of this change on the financial statements.
 
      There are  several  factors,  however, which  will  partially  negate  the
projected  gain in net sales and cost  reductions in 1994. The Company will face
increased employment costs in  1994 (estimated to be  $5 million higher than  in
1993)  in the form of  higher pension and medical  expenses. The increased costs
are  the  result  of  lowering  the  interest  income  assumptions  related   to
post-retirement obligations of the Company and continued higher expenses for its
active  and  retired employees'  medical expenses.  In  addition, 1994  will see
significant expenditures associated  with Acme's compliance  with the Clean  Air
Act.
 
      Several  uncertainties face the Company in  1994. Imports of foreign steel
into the U.S.  could, in all  likelihood, increase in  1994 as a  result of  the
unfavorable ruling by the International Trade Commission in July, 1993 regarding
alleged  dumping and  subsidies by foreign  steel producers. It  is unclear what
impact, if any,  an increased  supply of foreign  steel might  have on  domestic
steel prices. Of
 
                                      -20-
<PAGE>
course,  the biggest uncertainty is the state  of the U.S. economy. Although the
economy is apparently on the upswing, it  is impossible to gauge how the  higher
personal  tax  rates levied  in  1993 and  the  proposed reforms  coming  out of
Washington in  1994 will  affect consumer  spending. Also,  it is  unclear  what
impact  the  Federal Reserve  Board's decision  to increase  short-term interest
rates will have on the economy in 1994.
 
      Overall, we are optimistic about 1994. If the economy continues to improve
as we expect, and assuming we continue to benefit from the higher steel  selling
prices  and continue to  control operating costs,  the Companies' business plans
call for a significant improvement over our 1993 results.
 
      STEEL MAKING SEGMENT
 
      Sales for the Steel Making Segment  advanced to $187.8 million in 1993,  a
$42.1  million, or 29 percent, improvement over the prior year. The increase was
principally the result of a 25 percent jump in shipments. Steel selling  prices,
on  average,  were 3  percent higher  than last  year. Nearly  all of  the price
increases materialized in the  second half of  the year as  we began to  benefit
from  two $20 per  ton (5 percent)  increases initiated in  the second and third
quarters of 1993. Sales of $145.6 million  for the Steel Making Segment in  1992
were  up modestly (3  percent) over the  year earlier due  entirely to increased
shipments as average selling prices were 2 percent lower than 1991 price levels.
 
      Sales of sheet  and strip  steel, which accounted  for 91  percent of  the
segment's  sales in 1993, advanced $40.3 million,  or 31 percent over last year.
Semi-finished steel sales increased $3.3 million,  or 45 percent over last  year
while  sales of iron products fell $1.5 million, or 18 percent, as compared to a
year earlier.
 
      Operating income  for  the Steel  Making  group totaled  $0.7  million,  a
significant  improvement  over the  $9.4 million  and  $4.1 million  losses from
operations recorded in 1992 and 1991, respectively. The earnings improvement was
driven by increased shipments  and higher average  selling prices. Shipments  to
external  customers  in 1993  increased 87,000  tons over  the prior  year while
shipments to the Steel Fabricating Segment  were 5,600 tons lower than in  1992.
Approximately  60 percent of 1993's shipments  and gross margin was attributable
to external  customers  while the  remaining  40  percent of  gross  margin  was
generated  by shipments  to the  Steel Fabricating  Segment. In  1992, the Steel
Making group shipped  55 percent  of its  products to  external customers  which
generated  52 percent of  its margin while shipments  to the Fabricating segment
produced the remaining 48 percent of  gross margin. The increased percentage  of
shipments  to  external  customers  in 1993  is  consistent  with  the Company's
two-pronged strategy to obtain the highest possible margin on flat-rolled  steel
and  obtain  the highest  earnings for  the Company  as a  whole. In  total, the
increased shipments  generated  $8.6 million  in  increased revenue  while  a  3
percent  increase  in average  selling prices  contributed  $5.9 million  to the
improvement over  last year's  results. Partially  offsetting the  Steel  Making
Segment's  sales related  gains were  increased labor  costs in  connection with
overtime and union negotiated payments,  unexpected repairs to its basic  oxygen
furnace  and primary  rolling mill and  a $1.3  million write-off of  the #3 hot
strip mill recorded in the fourth quarter.
 
      Looking ahead to 1994, sales are expected  to increase as a result of  the
full-year  effects of price increases instituted during 1993 and price increases
planned for 1994. Shipments are projected  to continue on an upward trend  under
the  assumption  that the  current economic  expansion that  began in  1992 will
continue into  1994. Results  should also  benefit from  cost savings  from  the
permanent  idling of  its #3  hot strip mill.  These benefits  will be partially
offset by  increased pension  and medical  costs in  the coming  year which  are
expected  to increase approximately $4 million  over the expense for these items
recorded in 1993.
 
      STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT
 
      Steel Fabricating Segment sales of $270 million were $23.7 million, or  10
percent,  higher than the prior year. Higher shipments accounted for $20 million
of the  improvement  while  a  2 percent  increase  in  average  selling  prices
generated the remainder of the increase over a year earlier.
 
      Sales  of steel  strapping and strapping  tools totaled  $152.4 million in
1993, a $11.1  million, or 8  percent, increase over  a year earlier.  Increased
volume  accounted for $8.9 million, or 80  percent, of the improvement over last
year's results. Average selling  prices were 2 percent  higher than last  year's
levels  with all of  the increase coming in  the latter part  of the year. Steel
strapping sales of $141 million in 1992 were unchanged from the prior year.
 
      Steel tube sales for  1993 reached $74.1 million,  up 17 percent from  the
prior  year. The $10.7 million improvement in  sales was due mainly to increased
volume. Selling prices rose 4 percent during the year with most of the  increase
in the last half of 1993. Comparing 1992 to 1991, sales of steel tubing amounted
to $63.4 million in 1992, up 4 percent from a year earlier.
 
      Sales  of jacks and lifting tools for  cars and light trucks totaled $43.1
million, 5 percent higher than the prior year. The improvement in sales was  due
entirely  to increased volume as selling prices, on average, were slightly below
last year's levels. Auto and truck jack  sales of $41 million in 1992  increased
20 percent over the prior year.
 
      Operating  income for  the Steel Fabricating  Segment of  $11.9 million in
1993 was $4.6 million and $9.3 million higher than the results recorded in  1992
and  1991, respectively.  The group  benefitted from  the improving  economy and
increased average selling prices in 1993. Packaging, which sells steel strapping
used  to  secure  various  finished  products  to  pallets  or  within  shipping
containers  during transportation, was helped by  higher demand for its products
in  connection  with  increased  domestic  industrial  output.  Alpha's  results
advanced due to the improvement in the housing and recreational product markets.
Alpha's business also benefitted from higher margins due to increased demand for
its  more technologically  advanced products  and gains  in product  quality and
manufacturing productivity. Despite downward pressure  on its selling prices  in
1993, Universal's business achieved record results due to improved manufacturing
productivity.  Partially offsetting  the Steel  Fabricating Segment's  sales and
productivity related gains  were increased  raw material  costs in  the form  of
higher  flat-rolled  steel  prices and  a  $0.6  million expense  to  close Acme
Packaging's Pittsburg-East facility and the write-off of a strapping line at its
New Britain Connecticut facility.
 
      Results for the Steel Fabricating Segment are expected to improve over the
prior year with sales advancing modestly. Packaging's results should improve due
to increased  sales,  driven primarily  by  increased selling  prices,  and  the
expected  realization of  savings related to  the closure of  the Pittsburg East
facility and the increased utilization of its Leeds, Alabama, facility.  Results
for  Alpha should improve  in 1994 bolstered by  increased market penetration in
its target markets. Universal's sales are expected to decline moderately in 1994
leading to  slightly  reduced  results  in comparison  with  1993  results.  The
projected  sales reduction  is in line  with continuing price  pressures and the
anticipated reduction in orders from a major U.S. automobile manufacturer.
 
                                      -21-
<PAGE>
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
 
      LIQUIDITY REMAINS STRONG
 
      Working capital of $93.2 million  increased $3.8 million in 1993.  Current
assets  increased $21.5  million, or 15  percent, driven  primarily by increased
receivable and  inventory balances.  The increase  in the  Company's  receivable
balance  reflects the sales improvement in  1993. The build-up of inventories at
the end of 1993 is in anticipation  of increased orders in the first quarter  of
1994.  Current liabilities  increased $17.7 million,  or 30  percent. The higher
current liability  balance was  caused  by increases  to the  accounts  payable,
accrued expense and income tax payable accounts and a $3.2 million increase from
the  net effect of long-term debt entries.  In 1993, a portion of long-term debt
became current (a  $6.7 million principal  payment is due  October, 1994) and  a
principal  payment of $3.5  million was made reducing  the current maturities of
long-term debt balance at the end of 1992. The current ratio decreased from  2.5
at the end of 1992 to 2.2 at the end of 1993.
 
      Deferred  income  taxes  and  other  assets  increased  significantly  due
primarily to  an additional  minimum pension  adjustment recorded  in 1993.  The
pension  adjustment was  recorded net of  tax, thereby  increasing our long-term
deferred tax  asset  by $8.2  million  in  1993. Other  balance  sheet  accounts
affected  by the minimum  pension adjustment include a  $4.1 million increase to
the long-term intangible pension asset account  and a $25.4 million increase  to
our long-term pension liability.
 
      Long-term  debt was reduced  by $6.7 million  to $49.3 million  due to the
current classification of a principal payment due October 30, 1994. The  Company
currently  has available a $60 million unsecured revolving credit agreement with
various commercial  banks. It  has not  been necessary  to borrow  against  this
credit agreement during the past three years.
 
      SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY REDUCED BY MINIMUM PENSION ADJUSTMENT
 
      Shareholders'  equity at  year end 1993  was $83.2 million,  or $15.29 per
share, compared with $89.3 million, or $16.55 per share at the end of 1992.  The
decline  in equity was due to a minimum pension adjustment recorded in 1993. The
additional minimum pension liability was primarily the result of a more  current
actuarial  assumption involving  the discount  rate used  to calculate estimated
future retirement benefits. The  change in the discount  rate caused several  of
our  defined benefit pension plans to  fall further into an underfunded position
at December  26, 1993.  Accordingly, to  reflect this  underfunded position,  we
recorded   a  $13.1  million   non-cash  charge,  net   of  deferred  taxes,  to
shareholders' equity  in 1993.  An adjustment  of $8.2  million to  reflect  the
underfunded  status at December  27 was recorded  in 1992. (See  the note to the
financial statements titled RETIREMENT BENEFIT  PLANS for further discussion  of
this minimum pension liability adjustment.)
 
      FINANCING ALTERNATIVES FOR THE CASTER PROJECT
 
      In the event the Board of Directors of the Company decides to proceed with
the Project (see Item 1(e) for a discussion of the Project), the Company will be
committed  to a  construction and engineering  project that  will involve direct
costs of  approximately $300  to $350  million over  an approximately  30  month
period. The Company will be required to fund these costs almost exclusively from
external financing sources, including new credit facilities.
 
      On  March 3, 1994, the Company agreed to  sell an issue of securities at a
price of $21.00 per security on a private placement basis exclusively in Canada.
Subject  to  certain  conditions,  within  150  days  of  the  closing  of  this
transaction (expected on March 28, 1994), the securities will be exchangeable on
a  one-for-one basis,  for 5,600,000 shares  of the Company's  common stock. The
conditions for the exchange of the securities for common stock and the Company's
receipt of the proceeds of the sale of the securities include assurance that not
less than 85% of the reasonably  estimated funds needed for construction of  the
Project  (inclusive of  the Company's  cash on  hand) will  be available  to the
Company and approval of such construction  by the Company's Board of  Directors.
The  securities and the underlying common  shares have not been registered under
the Securities Act and may not be offered  or sold in the United States or to  a
U.S.  person,  as  defined in  Regulation  S  under the  Securities  Act, absent
registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
 
      In the  event  the  conditions  for completion  of  the  privately  placed
Canadian  financing are  satisfied, the  Company's outstanding  shares of common
stock will  increase  from 5,407,527  to  11,007,537, and  the  Company's  total
shareholders  equity will  increase by  approximately $112  million. The Company
anticipates that substantially all of this additional equity will be used to pay
costs associated with the Project.
 
      In addition to the funds to  be raised from the privately placed  Canadian
financing,  the Company  will need to  raise approximately $190  million to $240
million from other  financing sources.  To date,  the Company  has not  received
commitments from any such financing source. The Company is exploring the sale of
additional  equity securities, the  sale of debt securities,  and the opening of
new credit facilities. At  present, there can be  no assurance that the  Company
will  be able to obtain any such funds nor are the terms and conditions known on
which such funds may be available.
 
      To the extent  the Company  decides and is  able to  raise the  additional
funds  needed for  construction of  the Project  (exclusive of  the funds  to be
raised through the privately placed Canadian financing) through debt  financing,
the   Company's  interest   expense  and  debt-to-equity   ratio  will  increase
accordingly. Although neither the availability  nor the characteristics of  such
debt are known at this time, the Company will not proceed with the Project until
it  is  assumed  that  adequate  sources of  liquidity  are  available  to cover
foreseeable interest costs through construction,  start-up and operation of  the
Project. The Company's current debt-to-total capitalization ratio is .4 to 1 and
its  coverage of its outstanding debt (expressed as times interest earned before
interest, taxes and unusual items) is 2.35 to 1. These ratios are expected to be
.46 to 1 and .68 to 1, respectively at the end of 1996.
 
      The Company currently has outstanding Senior notes in the principal amount
of $50  million.  The terms  of  these notes  would  preclude the  Company  from
increasing  its  indebtedness by  more than  approximately  $75 million.  To the
extent the Company wishes to increase its  debt by more than this amount,  these
notes  would have to be  renegotiated or prepaid. Prepayment  of the notes would
trigger a penalty of  approximately $4 million. The  Company also has an  unused
$60  million revolving credit agreement. This agreement would terminate upon the
approval of the Project by the Company's  Board of Directors. If the Project  is
approved,  the Company believes it can secure an adequate working capital credit
facility; however,  there can  be no  assurances the  Company would  be able  to
obtain  a new  credit facility or  that it would  be otherwise able  to fund its
working capital needs from  external sources if these  needs cannot be met  from
continuing operation of the existing facilities.
 
      OPERATING ACTIVITIES CONTINUE TO GENERATE CASH
 
      Cash  balances totaled $50.4 million at December 26, 1993, up $1.2 million
over December 1992's ending  balance. The amount of  cash generated in 1993  was
smaller  than the increases of $17.5 million and $10.7 million in 1992 and 1991,
respectively, due to higher  inventory and receivable  balances, a $3.5  million
principal payment on long-term debt in May and higher capital expenditures.
 
                                      -22-
<PAGE>
      Operating  activities generated $16 million of cash in 1993. A combination
of our net income of $6.3 million for the year and the addition of $15.2 million
non-cash depreciation more than offset a reduction in cash from working  capital
and non-current accounts.
 
      During  1993, we invested $11.7 million  in capital projects, $4.2 million
higher than a year  earlier. The increase in  expenditures can be attributed  in
part  to environmental related  expenditures of $3.2  million in connection with
the Environmental Protection Agency's emission  compliance program for our  coke
ovens  located at  the Steel  subsidiary's Chicago  plant. The  remainder of the
capital project expenditures were  primarily for replacement and  rehabilitation
of our productive capabilities throughout the Company.
 
      In   1994,  the  Company  is  planning  capital  project  expenditures  of
approximately $18 million, not  including the Project. About  $6 million of  the
planned  capital projects relate  to environmental expenditures.  The balance of
the planned projects are primarily devoted  to capital maintenance items at  our
steelmaking  operations. Cash flows from operations should be sufficient to meet
these planned projects.
 
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
      The response to Item 8 is submitted  in a separate section of this  Annual
Report  on  Form 10-K.  See the  audited  Consolidated Financial  Statements and
Schedules of The Company Metals Incorporated  attached hereto and listed in  the
index on page 32 of this report.
 
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
      None.
 
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
 
      Information  with  respect to  directors  of the  Company  is incorporated
herein by  reference  from  the  proxy  statement  for  the  Annual  Meeting  of
Shareholders  of the  Company to  be held  on April  28, 1994  under the caption
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS.
 
      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
 
      The following table sets forth, as of March 15, 1994, with respect to each
executive officer of  the Company, his  name and all  positions held during  the
last  five  years.  Executive officers  are  elected  annually by  the  Board of
Directors of the Company  to serve for a  term of office of  one year and  until
their successors are elected.
 
      As  a result of a Reorganization effected May 25, 1992, Acme Steel Company
became  and  continues  to  be  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Prior  to  the
Reorganization  the executive officers  listed below were  executive officers of
Acme Steel  Company and,  at the  time of  the reorganization,  were elected  to
similar positions within the Company.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 NAME AND AGE                                    POSITIONS DURING LAST 5 YEARS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                              <C>
Brian W. H. Marsden (62)                                                         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
                                                                                 since  January 1, 1993  and Chairman, President and
                                                                                 Chief Executive Officer  May 1992 through  December
                                                                                 1992; President and Chief Executive Officer of Acme
                                                                                 Steel Company (integrated steel producer) June 1986
                                                                                 to May 1992.
Stephen D. Bennett (45)                                                          President   and  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  the
                                                                                 Company  since  January  1,  1993  and  Group  Vice
                                                                                 President  May  1992 through  December  1992; Group
                                                                                 Vice President  of Acme  Steel Company  (integrated
                                                                                 steel  producer) January 1992 to  May 1992 and Vice
                                                                                 President-Operations  June  1990  through  December
                                                                                 1991;  General  Manager  of  Fairfield  Works,  USS
                                                                                 Division  of  USX  Corporation  (integrated   steel
                                                                                 producer) December 1987 to May 1990.
Richard J. Stefan (57)                                                           Vice  President-Employee  Relations of  the Company
                                                                                 since  May   25,  1992;   Vice   President-Employee
                                                                                 Relations  of Acme Steel  Company (integrated steel
                                                                                 producer) June 1986 to May 1992.
Edward P. Weber, Jr. (56)                                                        Vice President,  General Counsel  and Secretary  of
                                                                                 the  Company  since May  25, 1992;  Vice President,
                                                                                 General Counsel and Secretary of Acme Steel Company
                                                                                 (integrated steel producer) June 1986 to May 1992.
Jerry F. Williams (54)                                                           Vice  President-Finance   and  Administration   and
                                                                                 Treasurer  of the Company since  May 25, 1992; Vice
                                                                                 President-Finance and Administration and  Treasurer
                                                                                 of  Acme Steel Company  (integrated steel producer)
                                                                                 May 1991 to  May 1992;  Vice President-Finance  and
                                                                                 Administration  of Acme Steel  Company May, 1986 to
                                                                                 May, 1991.
</TABLE>
 
ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
      Information relating to executive  compensation is incorporated herein  by
reference from the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the
Company to be held on April 28, 1994 under the caption EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
 
                                      -23-
<PAGE>
ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
      Information  relating to  security ownership of  certain beneficial owners
and management is incorporated herein by reference from the proxy statement  for
the  Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company  to be held on April 28, 1994
under  the  caption  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP   OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS   AND
MANAGEMENT.
 
ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
      None.
 
                                      -24-
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
    (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:
 
            (1) Financial Statements:
 
                The  response  to this  portion  of Item  14  is submitted  in a
                separate section of  this report. See  the audited  Consolidated
                Financial  Statements and Schedules  of Acme Metals Incorporated
                attached hereto  and listed  on the  index on  page 32  of  this
                report.
 
            (2) Financial Statement Schedules:
 
                The  response  to this  portion  of Item  14  is submitted  in a
                separate section of  this report. See  the audited  Consolidated
                Financial  Statements and Schedules  of Acme Metals Incorporated
                attached hereto  and listed  on the  index on  page 32  of  this
                report.
 
            (3) Exhibits
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit    Description
- -----------  -----
<C>          <C>   <S>
       3.    Articles
             of
             Incorporation
             and By-Laws
               3(i)
               3(ii)
      10.    Material
             contracts
              10.1
              10.2
              10.3
              10.4
              10.5
              10.6
              10.7
              10.8
              10.9
              10.10
              10.11
              10.12
              10.13
              10.14
              10.15
              10.16
              10.17
              10.18
 
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit
- -----------
<C>          <S>
       3.
 
             Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
             10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1992 (the "1992 10-K") and incorporated by reference herein.
             Amended  and  Restated By-Laws  of Registrant  as adopted  May 25,  1992. Filed  as Exhibit  3.2 to  the 1992  10-K and
             incorporated by reference herein.
      10.
 
             Tax Indemnification Agreement  between Acme  Steel Company (a  subsidiary of  the Company) ("Acme")  and The  Interlake
             Corporation dated May 30, 1986. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Cross-Indemnification Agreement between Acme and The Interlake Corporation dated May 29, 1986. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
             the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Agreement between the Registrant and Reynold C. MacDonald dated June 1, 1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the 1992 10-K
             and incorporated by reference herein.
             Non-Employee Directors Retirement Plan dated February 22, 1990 as adopted May 25, 1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the
             1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Credit  Agreement among the Registrant  and Certain Banks and Harris  Trust and Savings Bank,  as Agent, dated June 26,
             1992 (the "Credit Agreement"). Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated September 15, 1992.  Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the 1992 10-K and  incorporated
             by reference herein.
             Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated January 15, 1993. Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by
             reference herein.
             Third  Amendment to Credit Agreement dated February 1, 1993. Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by
             reference herein.
             Note Agreements dated October 16,  1989 between the Registrant  as Borrower and each  of six Financial Institutions  as
             Lender  for an  aggregate of $40  million in senior  notes due 1999  and $10 million  senior notes due  1996 (the "Note
             Agreements"). Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             First Amendment, Consent and Waiver to Note Agreements dated June 26, 1992. Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the 1992 10-K and
             incorporated by reference herein.
             Second Amendment to Note Agreements dated February 1, 1993. Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by
             reference herein.
             Assignment and  Assumption Agreement  dated May  24,  1992 relating  to Indemnification  Agreements including  Form  of
             Indemnification Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Indemnification  Agreement between the Registrant and William R. Wilson  dated July 23, 1992. Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to
             the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             1986 Executive Incentive Compensation  Plan of Acme Metals  Incorporated as adopted May  25, 1992.(1) Filed as  Exhibit
             10.14 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Deferred  Compensation Agreement dated May 24, 1986  between the Registrant and Brian W.  H. Marsden as adopted May 25,
             1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Acme Metals Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan  as Amended and Restated effective  January 1, 1987 as adopted  May
             25, 1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Key  Executive Severance Pay Plan dated January  22, 1987, as adopted May 25,  1992, with Exhibit 1 amended through May
             25, 1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Acme Metals Incorporated 1986 Stock Incentive Program, Amended and  Restated as of January 22, 1992 as adopted May  25,
             1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
</TABLE>
 
(1) Filed pursuant to Item 14 of Form 10-K
 
                                      -25-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit    Description
- -----------  -----
<C>          <C>   <S>
              10.19
              10.20
              10.21
              10.22
              10.23
              10.24
              10.25
              10.26
              10.27
              10.28
              10.29
              10.30
              10.31
              10.32
              10.33
              10.34
              10.35
              10.36
              10.37
              10.38
              10.39
              10.40
      13.    Registrant's
             Annual
             Report to
             Security
             Holders for
             the fiscal
             year ended
             December 26,
             1993.
      21.    Subsidiaries
             of the
             registrant
      23.    Consent
             of
             Experts
             and
             Counsel.
              23.1
 
<CAPTION>
  Exhibit
- -----------
<C>          <S>
             Form  of Grant of Stock  Option including Form of First  Amendment dated October 30, 1986  -- 10 executive officers, 30
             other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form of Grant  of Stock Option  dated July 22,  1987 including Form  of First Amendment  dated October 30,  1986 --  10
             executive  officers, 41 other employees.(1)(2)  Filed as Exhibit 10.20  to the 1992 10-K  and incorporated by reference
             herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Option dated May 26, 1988  -- 10 executive officers, 49 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as  Exhibit
             10.21 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form  of Grant of Stock Option dated June 1, 1989  -- 10 executive officers, 48 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit
             10.22 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Grant of Stock Option Agreement dated June 1, 1990 -- S. D. Bennett.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the 1992 10-K  and
             incorporated by reference herein.
             Form  of Grant of Stock Option dated  June 7, 1990 -- 9 executive  officers, 50 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit
             10.24 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Option dated May 20, 1991  -- 10 executive officers, 54 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as  Exhibit
             10.25 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form  of Grant of Stock Option dated June 12, 1992  -- 5 executive officers, 10 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit
             10.26 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Option dated May 27, 1993 -- 5 executives officers 26 other employees.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.27
             to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Stock Award  Agreement dated  June 1,  1990  -- S.  D. Bennett.(1)(2)  Filed as  Exhibit  10.28 to  the 1992  10-K  and
             incorporated by reference herein.
             Form  of Grant of Stock  Award dated January 25,  1991 including Form of  First Amendment dated January  25, 1991 -- 11
             executive officers, 14 other  employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit  10.29 to the 1992  10-K and incorporated by  reference
             herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Award dated January 22, 1992 -- 5 executive officers, 10 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit
             10.30 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Stock  Award  Agreement dated  June 12,  1992 --  S. D.  Bennett.(1)(2) Filed  as Exhibit  10.31 to  the 1992  10-K and
             incorporated by reference herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Award dated January 26, 1993 -- 5 executive officers, 16 other employees.(1)(2) Filed as Exhibit
             10.32 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Form of Grant of Stock Award dated January 26, 1994, 5 executive officers, 14 other employees.
             Acme Metals Incorporated Employee Stock Ownership  Plan ("ESOP") including amendments 1  through 4, as adopted June  1,
             1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Fifth Amendment to the ESOP.
             Acme  Metals Incorporated  Salaried Employees' Retirement  Savings Plan  Restated as of  January 1,  1990 together with
             amendments 1 through  4, as  adopted June 1,  1992.(1) Filed  as Exhibit  10.36 to the  1992 10-K  and incorporated  by
             reference herein.
             Acme  Metals Incorporated Salaried  Employees' Past Service  Pension Plan ("Past  Service Pension Plan")  dated June 1,
             1992.(1) Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the 1992 10-K and incorporated by reference herein.
             Amendment No. 1 to the Past Service Pension Plan.
             Purchase Agreement dated as of March 11, 1994 between the Registrant and Nesbitt Thompson Inc. for the purchase of $5.6
             million Special Warrants convertible into common stock of the Registrant.
             Subscription Agreement for Special Common Stock Purchase Warrants.
      13.
 
      21.
 
      23.
 
             Consent of Price Waterhouse.
</TABLE>
 
    (b) Reports on Form 8-K
 
        No reports on Form 8-K were filed in the fourth quarter of 1993.
 
      No financial statements were filed.
 
(1) Filed pursuant to Item 14 of Form 10-K
(2) Also see Amendment and Assignment Agreement filed with Exhibit 10.13 to  the
1992 10-K.
 
                                      -26-
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
 
      Pursuant  to the  requirements of  Section 13  or 15(d)  of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
ACME METALS INCORPORATED
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
/s/ BRIAN W. H. MARSDEN
- ------------------------------------------
Brian W. H. Marsden                          March 25, 1994
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
/s/ STEPHEN D. BENNETT
- ------------------------------------------
Stephen D. Bennett                           March 25, 1994
President and Chief Operating Officer
/s/ JERRY F. WILLIAMS
- ------------------------------------------
Jerry F. Williams                            March 25, 1994
Vice President-Finance and Administration
(Principal Financial Officer)
</TABLE>
 
      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
/s/ EUGENE P. BERG
- ------------------------------------------
Eugene P. Berg                               March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ EDWARD G. JORDAN
- ------------------------------------------
Edward G. Jordan                             March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ ANDREW R. LAIDLAW
- ------------------------------------------
Andrew R. Laidlaw                            March 25, 1994
Director
</TABLE>
 
                                      -30-
<PAGE>
                             SIGNATURES (continued)
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                         <C>
/s/ FANK A. LEPAGE
- ------------------------------------------
Frank A. LePage                              March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ REYNOLD C. MACDONALD
- ------------------------------------------
Reynold C. MacDonald                         March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ WILLIAM P. SOVEY
- ------------------------------------------
William P. Sovey                             March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ C. J. GAUTHIER
- ------------------------------------------
C. J. Gauthier                               March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ JULIEN L. MCCALL
- ------------------------------------------
Julien L. McCall                             March 25, 1994
Director
/s/ WILLIAM R. WILSON
- ------------------------------------------
William R. Wilson                            March 25, 1994
Director
</TABLE>
 
                                      -31-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
             Form 10-K - Item 8 and Items 14 (a) (1) and 14 (a) (2)
                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
      The  following   Consolidated   Financial  Statements   of   Acme   Metals
Incorporated  and the related Report of  Independent Accountants are included in
Item 8 and Item 14 (a) (1):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Page in
                                                                                this
                                                                              Form 10-K
                                                                             -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>
    Report of Independent Accountants                                            33
    Report of Management                                                         33
    Consolidated Statements  of  Operations  for  the  fiscal  years  ended
        December 26, 1993 December 27, 1992 and December 29, 1991                34
    Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 26, 1993, December 27, 1992 and
        December 29, 1991                                                        35
    Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows for  the  fiscal  years ended
        December 26, 1993, December 27, 1992 and December 29, 1991               36
    Consolidated Statements  of Changes  in  Shareholders' Equity  for  the
        fiscal  years  ended  December  26,  1993,  December  27,  1992 and
        December 29, 1991                                                        37
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   38
</TABLE>
 
      The following Consolidated  Financial Statement Schedules  of Acme  Metals
Incorporated are included in Item 14 (a) (2):
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
    Quarterly Results (Unaudited)                                                51
    Schedule V - Property, Plant and Equipment                                   52
    Schedule VI - Accumulated Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment      53
    Schedule VIII - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves               54
    Schedule X - Supplementary Income Statement Information                      54
</TABLE>
 
      All  other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, or
not required, or because the required  information is shown in the  consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.
 
                                      -32-
<PAGE>
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Acme Metals Incorporated
 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements listed in the
index  appearing  on  page 32  present  fairly,  in all  material  respects, the
financial position of Acme Metals Incorporated and its subsidiaries at  December
26,  1993 and December 27,  1992, and the results  of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 26, 1993, in
conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  These  financial
statements   are   the   responsibility  of   the   Company's   management;  our
responsibility is to express an opinion  on these financial statements based  on
our  audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance
with generally  accepted  auditing standards  which  require that  we  plan  and
perform  the audit  to obtain reasonable  assurance about  whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on  a
test  basis, evidence  supporting the amounts  and disclosures  in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting  principles used and significant  estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We  believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed
above.
 
As discussed  in the  Notes to  Consolidated Financial  Statements, Acme  Metals
Incorporated  changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other
than pensions and income taxes in 1992.
 
March 21, 1994
Chicago, Illinois
 
                              REPORT OF MANAGEMENT
 
The management of Acme Metals Incorporated  has prepared and is responsible  for
the  consolidated financial statements and  other financial information included
in this Form 10-K Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and include
amounts that are based upon informed judgments and estimates by management.  The
other  financial  information  in  this annual  report  is  consistent  with the
consolidated financial statements.
 
The Company  maintains  a system  of  internal accounting  controls.  Management
believes  the  internal accounting  controls  provide reasonable  assurance that
transactions are executed  and recorded  in accordance with  Company policy  and
procedures  and that  the accounting  records may  be relied  on as  a basis for
preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  other  financial
information.
 
The  financial statements have  been audited by  Price Waterhouse, the Company's
independent accountants,  whose  report is  included  herein. In  addition,  the
Company  has  a professional  staff of  internal  auditors who  coordinate their
financial audits with  the procedures performed  by the independent  accountants
and conduct operational and special audits.
The  Audit Review Committee of the Board of Directors, composed of directors who
are not  employees  of the  Company,  meets periodically  with  management,  the
internal  auditors  and  the independent  accounts  to discuss  the  adequacy of
internal accounting controls and  the quality of  financial reporting. Both  the
independent  accountants and internal auditors have  full and free access to the
Audit Review Committee.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>
Brian W. H. Marsden   Jerry F. Williams
Chairman and Chief    Vice President
Executive Officer     Finance and Administration
                      Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>
 
                                      -33-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  For the Years Ended
                                                                      -------------------------------------------
                                                                      December 26,   December 27,   December 29,
                                                                          1993           1992           1991
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                                   <C>            <C>            <C>
NET SALES                                                              $   457,406    $   391,562    $   376,951
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
    Cost of products sold                                                  397,526        347,624        335,503
    Depreciation expense                                                    14,657         14,392         13,700
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
Gross profit                                                                45,223         29,546         27,748
    Selling and administrative expense                                      30,633         28,901         29,219
    Restructuring charge                                                                    2,700
    Nonrecurring charge                                                      1,925
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
Operating income (loss)                                                     12,665         (2,055)        (1,471)
NON-OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE):
    Interest expense                                                        (5,384)        (5,569)        (5,533)
    Interest income                                                          1,571          1,700          1,322
    Unusual income item                                                      1,210          1,047          1,241
    Other - net                                                                370            355          1,391
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
Income (loss) before income taxes and cumulative effect of changes
    in accounting principles                                                10,432         (4,522)        (3,050)
Income tax provision (credit)                                                4,173         (1,673)          (732)
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                             6,259         (2,849)        (2,318)
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles:
    Retiree health care and life insurance benefits, net of taxes                         (42,246)
    Income taxes                                                                           (8,077)
                                                                                     -------------
                                                                                          (50,323)
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income (loss)                                                      $     6,259    $   (53,172)   $    (2,318)
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
PER SHARE:
    Income (loss) before cumulative effect of changes in accounting
        principles                                                     $      1.15   $      (0.53 ) $      (0.43 )
    Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles:
        Retiree health care and life insurance benefits, net of
          taxes                                                                             (7.82 )
        Income taxes                                                                        (1.50 )
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income (loss)                                                     $       1.15   $      (9.85 ) $      (0.43 )
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                      -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>
 
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.
 
                                      -34-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 26,   December 27,
                                                                              1993           1992
                                                                          -------------  -------------
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>
                                                ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                              $    50,444    $    49,224
    Receivables, less allowances of $1,155 in 1993 and $1,081 in 1992           58,479         47,091
    Inventories                                                                 47,867         39,488
    Deferred income taxes                                                       12,337         11,754
    Other current assets                                                         1,267          1,303
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total current assets                                               170,394        148,860
                                                                          -------------  -------------
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS:
    Investments in associated companies                                         14,701         14,105
    Other assets                                                                13,389          7,197
                                                                          -------------  -------------
    Deferred income taxes                                                       19,846          9,851
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total investments and other assets                                  47,936         31,153
                                                                          -------------  -------------
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
    Property, plant and equipment, at cost                                     408,556        405,684
    Accumulated depreciation                                                  (293,017)      (284,995)
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total property, plant and equipment                                115,539        120,689
                                                                          -------------  -------------
                                                                           $   333,869    $   300,702
                                                                          -------------  -------------
                                                                          -------------  -------------
                                 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
    Accounts payable                                                       $    32,800    $    25,985
    Accrued expenses                                                            34,089         28,641
    Income taxes payable                                                         3,641          1,299
    Current maturities of long-term debt                                         6,667          3,500
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total current liabilities                                           77,197         59,425
                                                                          -------------  -------------
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
    Long-term debt                                                              49,333         56,000
    Other long-term liabilities                                                 10,543          7,951
    Postretirement benefits other than pensions                                 82,630         80,959
    Retirement benefit plans                                                    30,963          7,072
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total long-term liabilities                                        173,469        151,982
                                                                          -------------  -------------
    Commitments and contingencies (see note titled COMMITMENTS AND
        CONTINGENCIES)
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
    Preferred stock, $1 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, no
        shares issued
    Common stock, $1 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 5,406,387
        and 5,357,870 shares issued in 1993 and 1992, respectively               5,406          5,358
    Additional paid-in capital                                                  48,344         47,679
    Retained earnings                                                           50,748         44,489
    Minimum pension liability adjustment                                       (21,295)        (8,231)
                                                                          -------------  -------------
            Total shareholders' equity                                          83,203         89,295
                                                                          -------------  -------------
                                                                           $   333,869    $   300,702
                                                                          -------------  -------------
                                                                          -------------  -------------
</TABLE>
 
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.
 
                                      -35-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               For the Years Ended
                                                                   -------------------------------------------
                                                                   December 26,   December 27,   December 29,
                                                                       1993           1992           1991
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>            <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    Net income (loss)                                               $     6,259    $   (53,172)   $    (2,318)
    ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET INCOME (LOSS) TO NET CASH
           PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
        Depreciation                                                     15,234         14,705         14,224
        Deferred income taxes                                            (1,629)        (1,848)         1,049
        Cumulative effect of changes in accounting                                      50,323
        Gain on sale of assets                                                          (1,047)
        Nonrecurring charge                                               1,925
        Investment in associated company                                   (596)
        CHANGE IN CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES:
            Receivables                                                 (11,388)         1,403            741
            Inventories                                                  (8,379)         1,698          7,922
            Accounts payable                                              6,815          4,843         (2,242)
            Other current accounts                                        7,826          3,170         (2,475)
        Other, net                                                          (26)         3,943          4,820
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
    Net cash provided by operating activities                            16,041         24,018         21,721
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    Capital expenditures                                                (11,749)        (7,557)       (10,611)
    Proceeds from sales of assets                                                          995
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
    Net cash used for investing activities                              (11,749)        (6,562)       (10,611)
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    Payment of long-term debt                                            (3,500)
    Repurchase of common stock                                              (98)           (79)          (462)
    Other                                                                   526            113             19
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
    Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                 (3,072)            34           (443)
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
    Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                             1,220         17,490         10,667
    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                       49,224         31,734         21,067
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
    Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                        $    50,444    $    49,224    $    31,734
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>
 
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.
 
                                      -36-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Common     Additional                 Minimum
                                                            stock, $1     paid-in     Retained     Pension     Treasury
                                                            par value     capital     earnings    Liability     stock
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
BALANCE - DECEMBER 30, 1990                                 $   5,948    $  46,813   $   115,281  $        0  $  (15,312)
  Net loss                                                                                (2,318)
  Stock plans - issuance of shares                                 61          646
  Tax benefit arising from stock plan transactions                               7
  Purchase of common stock for treasury                                                                             (462)
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
BALANCE - DECEMBER 29, 1991                                     6,009       47,466       112,963           0     (15,774)
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
  Net loss                                                                               (53,172)
  Stock plans - issuance of shares                                  7          191
  Tax benefit arising from stock plan transactions                              22
  Purchase of common stock for treasury                                                                              (79)
  Redemption of stock rights                                                                (107)
  Retirement of treasury stock                                   (658)                   (15,195)                 15,853
  Minimum pension liability                                                                           (8,231)
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
BALANCE - DECEMBER 27, 1992                                     5,358       47,679        44,489      (8,231)          0
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income                                                                               6,259
  Stock plans - issuance of shares                                 48          635
  Tax benefit arising from stock plan transactions                              30
  Minimum pension liability                                                                          (13,064)
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
BALANCE - DECEMBER 26, 1993                                 $   5,406    $  48,344   $    50,748  $  (21,295) $        0
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
                                                           -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
</TABLE>
 
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.
 
                                      -37-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 
  PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
 
The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the  accounts  of  Acme Metals
Incorporated (the Company) and  its majority-owned subsidiaries. Investments  in
mining  ventures  are  accounted  for by  the  equity  method.  All intercompany
transactions have been eliminated.
 
The Company's fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December.
 
  INVENTORIES
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of  cost or market. The primary method  used
to determine inventory costs is the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method.
 
  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND DEPRECIATION
 
Property,  plant and  equipment are  stated at  cost. Depreciation  of plant and
equipment is computed principally  on a straight-line  basis over the  estimated
useful  lives of  the assets.  Expenditures for  maintenance, repairs  and minor
renewals and betterments are charged to expense as incurred. Furnace relines and
major renewals and betterments are capitalized.
 
Upon disposition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  the  cost  and  related
accumulated  depreciation are removed from the  accounts, and the resulting gain
or loss is recognized.
 
The Company from  time to  time reviews  the carrying  value of  certain of  its
assets and recognizes impairments when appropriate.
 
  RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
 
Pension  costs include  service cost, interest  cost, return on  plan assets and
amortization of the unrecognized initial net  asset. The Company's policy is  to
fund not less than the minimum funding required under ERISA.
 
The  Company  has  postretirement  health care  and  life  insurance  plans. The
provision for postretirement costs in 1991 includes current costs,  amortization
of prior service costs over periods not exceeding twenty-five years and interest
on  the accrued liability.  The provisions for postretirement  costs in 1993 and
1992  were  determined  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Financial  Accounting
Standards   Board   Statement  (FAS)   No.   106,  "Employers'   Accounting  for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."  Under this statement, the  annual
expense  represents a combination of interest and service cost provisions of the
annual accrual. The postretirement benefits are not funded.
 
  INCOME TAXES
 
The credit for deferred income taxes  in 1993 and 1992 were determined  pursuant
to  the provisions  of FAS  No. 109, "Accounting  for Income  Taxes." Under this
statement, the provision for deferred income taxes represents the tax effect  of
temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of
the Company's assets and liabilities. In 1991, the provision for deferred income
taxes  represents the  tax effect  of differences  in the  timing of  income and
expense recognition for tax and financial reporting purposes.
 
  PER SHARE DATA
 
Amounts per common share are based on the weighted average number of common  and
dilutive  common  equivalent shares  outstanding during  the year:  5,439,784 in
1993, 5,396,311 in 1992 and 5,373,564 in 1991.
 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
For purposes of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, the Company  considers
all  highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents.
 
  RECLASSIFICATIONS
 
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year
presentation.
 
                                      -38-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
RESTRUCTURING CHARGE:
 
During 1992,  the Company  substantially  completed its  program to  reduce  its
salaried work force by 10% which was completed during 1993. Voluntary retirement
offers  which included an increased pension benefit and extra vacation pay, were
extended to a number of employees for a limited period of time. Other  employees
were  terminated  with  severance  pay.  The  pre-tax  reserve  of  $2.7 million
established by  the  Company included  $1.1  million related  to  the  increased
pension  benefits and acceleration of the payment of pension benefits, a special
postretirement  termination  charge  of  $1.3  million,  a  postretirement  plan
curtailment  gain of $0.4 million and $0.7 million related to increased vacation
benefits, severance pay and a reserve for contingencies related to the program.
 
NONRECURRING CHARGE:
 
The Company recorded a $1.9 million non-recurring charge in 1993 including  $1.3
million  in connection with a decision made  during the year to permanently idle
Acme Steel s  No. 3 Hot  Strip Mill and  Billet Mill; a  $0.6 million charge  to
close   Acme  Packaging's  Pittsburg-East  facility   in  California;  and,  the
elimination of  a  strapping  line  at its  New  Britain,  Connecticut  facility
following  a  determination  made  during  the  year  to  consolidate production
facilities and eliminate unprofitable lines.
 
UNUSUAL INCOME ITEM:
 
In 1993, the  Company recorded a  benefit in connection  with its investment  in
Wabush  Iron Company  (WabIron). As a  result of  the finalization of  a plan of
reorganization for LTV Steel Company, a former participant in WabIron, Acme  was
awarded  $1.2 million  (market value)  of LTV  securities in  a settlement  of a
bankruptcy claim filed by  all of the participants  in the Wabush Mines  Project
joint venture.
 
During  1992, the Company  sold all of  its interests in  certain coal producing
property located  in  West Virginia.  This  transaction added  approximately  $1
million of pre-tax income to 1992 results.
 
In  1991, the  Company recorded a  benefit from  an unusual item  related to the
assignment of  it's rights  in claims  allowed in  the LTV  Steel Company,  Inc.
bankruptcy  to a  third party.  This transaction  added $1.2  million of pre-tax
income to 1991 results.
 
INVENTORIES:
 
Inventories are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1993       1992
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>
Raw materials                                         $   6,201  $   4,594
Semi-finished and finished products                      32,364     26,540
Supplies                                                  9,302      8,354
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                      $  47,867  $  39,488
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                      ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
On December  26, 1993  and December  27, 1992,  inventories valued  on the  LIFO
method were less than the current costs of such inventories by $57.4 million and
$55.4 million, respectively.
 
In 1992, inventory quantities decreased from the prior year, the effect of which
decreased  cost of products sold and net  loss by $0.4 million and $0.2 million,
respectively.
 
                                      -39-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
 
Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     1993         1992
                                                                  -----------  -----------
                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                                               <C>          <C>
Land                                                              $     3,786  $     3,786
Buildings                                                              49,578       48,530
Equipment                                                             352,306      349,494
Construction in progress                                                2,886        3,874
                                                                  -----------  -----------
                                                                      408,556      405,684
Less accumulated depreciation                                        (293,017)    (284,995)
                                                                  -----------  -----------
                                                                  $   115,539  $   120,689
                                                                  -----------  -----------
                                                                  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>
 
The difference  between  depreciation  expense  presented  in  the  Consolidated
Statement  of Cash Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Operations represents
that  portion  of  depreciation  expense  that  is  classified  in  selling  and
administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
 
RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS:
 
The  Company  has various  retirement benefit  plans covering  substantially all
salaried and hourly employees. Certain salaried employees with one full calendar
quarter of  service  are  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Company's  defined
contribution   plan   and  employee   stock   ownership  plan   (ESOP).  Company
contributions to the defined contribution plan and employee stock ownership plan
are based upon 7.5%  and 3.5% (the  ESOP contribution was  reduced from 6.5%  to
3.5%  in the  second quarter of  1993), respectively,  of eligible compensation.
Amounts charged to operations under these plans were $3.4 million in 1993,  $4.1
million in 1992 and $3.6 million in 1991.
 
Salaried employees who joined the Company prior to December 31, 1981 and certain
hourly  employees participate in defined  benefit retirement plans which provide
benefits based  upon either  years of  service and  final average  pay or  fixed
amounts for each year of service.
 
The  net  defined  benefit  pension  credit  (expense)  included  the  following
components:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1993        1992        1991
                                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                                      <C>         <C>         <C>
  Service cost                                           $   (1,852) $   (1,979) $   (1,984)
  Interest cost on projected benefit obligation             (14,526)    (14,231)    (13,923)
  Actual return on plan assets                               16,094       9,715      28,085
  Net amortization and deferral                                           7,662     (12,157)
                                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net pension credit (cost)                              $     (284) $    1,167  $       21
                                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                         ----------  ----------  ----------
</TABLE>
 
Pension plan  curtailment  losses of  $1.1  million  are included  in  the  1992
restructuring charge.
 
Actuarial  assumptions  used to  calculate the  defined benefit  pension credits
(costs) were:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    1993    1992    1991
                                                    -----   -----   -----
<S>                                                 <C>     <C>     <C>
  Weighted average discount rate                     8.5%    8.5%      9%
  Increase in future compensation levels               5%      5%      5%
  Expected rate of return on plan assets            9.75%   9.75%   9.75%
</TABLE>
 
                                      -40-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
The following  table sets  forth  the funded  status  of the  Company's  defined
benefit retirement plans and amounts recognized in the balance sheet.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1993                        1992
                                                  --------------------------  --------------------------
                                                   Underfunded   Overfunded    Underfunded   Overfunded
                                                      Plans         Plans         Plans         Plans
                                                  -------------  -----------  -------------  -----------
                                                                      (in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>
Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
  Accumulated benefit obligation, including
    vested benefits of $182,993 in 1993 and
    $155,815 in 1992                               $   189,939    $   9,648    $   138,372    $  33,635
  Effect of increase in future compensation
    levels                                               4,419          709          4,525          725
                                                  -------------  -----------  -------------  -----------
  Projected benefit obligation for service
    rendered to date                                   194,358       10,357        142,897       34,360
Plan assets at fair value, primarily U.S.
  government bonds and notes and common stock of
  publicly traded companies                            158,975        9,860        131,300       37,258
Unrecognized net loss from past experience
  different from that assumed and effects of
  changes in assumptions                                51,465        2,461         29,367        4,503
Prior service cost not yet recognized in net
  periodic pension cost                                  5,539                       1,440          192
Unrecognized net asset at December 30, 1985
  being recognized over 15 years                       (12,879)        (604)       (11,773)      (3,637)
Minimum pension liability adjustment                   (39,705)                    (14,509)
                                                  -------------  -----------  -------------  -----------
Prepaid (accrued) pension cost                     $   (30,963)   $   1,360    $    (7,072)   $   3,956
                                                  -------------  -----------  -------------  -----------
                                                  -------------  -----------  -------------  -----------
</TABLE>
 
In  accordance with FAS No. 87, the Company has recorded an adjustment, as shown
in the table above, to recognize a minimum pension liability relating to certain
under-funded pension plans. The additional $25.2 million adjustment arose at the
end of 1993  primarily as a  result of a  lowering of the  discount rate to  7.5
percent  from  8.5  percent.  Accordingly, for  pension  plans  with accumulated
benefits in excess of the  fair value of plan assets  at December 26, 1993,  the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet includes an additional long-term pension
liability  of $40.1 million, a long-term intangible  asset of $5.8 million and a
charge to shareholders' equity of $21.3 million, net of a deferred tax  benefit,
representing  the excess of the additional long-term liability over unrecognized
prior service cost.
 
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS:
 
The Company  and  its  subsidiaries sponsor  several  unfunded  defined  benefit
postretirement  plans  that  provide  medical, dental,  and  life  insurance for
retirees and eligible dependents.
 
In 1993 and 1992  the cost for  all plans, calculated pursuant  to FAS No.  106,
"Employers  Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" amounted
to $7.9 million  and $7.8  million, respectively. The  cost in  1991, which  was
calculated under the previous accounting method totalled $6.4 million.
 
                                      -41-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
The  net periodic postretirement benefit cost for  1993 and 1992, net of retiree
contributions of approximately 10% of costs, included the following components:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         1993       1992
                                                                                       ---------  ---------
                                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                    <C>        <C>
Service cost - benefits attributed to service during the period                        $   1,185  $   1,109
Interest cost on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                             6,743      6,708
Net amortization and deferral                                                                (64)
                                                                                       ---------  ---------
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost                                               $   7,864  $   7,817
                                                                                       ---------  ---------
                                                                                       ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
The following table sets forth the  plans' combined status at December 26,  1993
and December 27, 1992:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1993       1992
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
        Retirees                                      $  55,687  $  57,685
        Fully eligible active plan participants           9,675      6,751
        Other active plan participants                   25,619     20,983
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                         90,981     85,419
        Unrecognized net gain and prior service cost     (3,036)       (10)
                                                      ---------  ---------
        Accrued postretirement benefit cost           $  87,945  $  85,409
                                                      ---------  ---------
                                                      ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
The accrued postretirement obligation was determined by application of the terms
of  medical, dental, and life insurance  plans, together with relevant actuarial
assumptions and health care cost trend  rates projected at annual rates  ranging
ratably  from 12 percent  in 1992 to 5  percent through 1999. The  effect of a 1
percent annual increase  in these assumed  cost trend rates  would increase  the
accumulated  postretirement benefit  obligation by  approximately $10.9 million;
the annual  service costs  would  increase by  approximately $1.2  million.  The
obligation  for postretirement  benefits was  remeasured as  of January  1, 1994
using a 7.5% discount rate, as compared  to the 8.5% discount rate used for  the
January 1, 1993 valuation.
 
The  reduction  in  the discount  rate  contributed  to a  net  increase  in the
obligations of  approximately $5  million. As  the measurement  of net  periodic
postretirement  benefits cost is based on beginning of the year assumptions, the
higher revalued obligation at the end of fiscal 1993 did not have any impact  on
the expense recorded for 1993.
 
In  accordance with  the new labor  agreement with the  hourly workers effective
January 1,  1994, individuals  retiring on  or  after January  1, 1993  will  be
covered  by a new managed care medical plan  (PPO). This new plan is expected to
help control future medical costs to be paid by the Company.
 
POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS:
 
In November 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement  No.
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," which requires accrual
basis accounting for Postemployment benefits, and must be adopted not later than
fiscal  1994. Postemployment benefits include all benefits paid after employment
but before retirement, such as layoff  and disability benefits. The Company  has
not  yet determined  the impact,  if any, or  the timing  of this  change on the
financial statements.
 
                                      -42-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
ACCRUED EXPENSES:
 
Included in  the Consolidated  Balance Sheet  caption Accrued  expenses are  the
following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      1993       1992
                                                                                    ---------  ---------
                                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                 <C>        <C>
Accrued salaries and wages                                                          $  16,235  $  11,177
Accrued postretirement health care and life insurance                                   5,328      4,450
Accrued taxes other than income taxes                                                   4,970      4,736
Other current liabilities                                                               7,556      8,278
                                                                                    ---------  ---------
                                                                                    $  34,089  $  28,641
                                                                                    ---------  ---------
                                                                                    ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATED COMPANIES
 
The  Company has a 31.7 percent interest in an iron ore mining venture. In 1993,
1992 and  1991, the  Company made  iron ore  purchases of  $18.3 million,  $21.7
million, and $26.8 million, respectively from the venture. At December 26, 1993,
$4.2 million was owed to the venture for iron ore purchases; amounts owed to the
venture for such ore purchases were $3.6 million at December 27, 1992.
 
The  Company has a 37% interest in Olga Coal Company. In 1987, Olga Coal Company
filed for protection under Chapter  11 of the U.S.  Bankruptcy Act and the  coal
mining operation was idled. The coal mining investment is carried at no value in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 
INCOME TAXES:
 
The provision (credit) for taxes consisted of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1993       1992       1991
                                                                    ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Taxes on income:
  Current:
    Federal                                                         $   5,399  $      62  $  (1,781)
    State                                                                 403        113         --
                                                                    ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                        5,802        175     (1,781)
  Deferred                                                             (1,629)    (1,848)     1,049
                                                                    ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                    $   4,173  $  (1,673) $    (732)
                                                                    ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                    ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
In  1992, the Company  adopted FAS No.  109, "Accounting for  Income Taxes," and
reported the cumulative  effect of the  change in the  method of accounting  for
income  taxes as of  the beginning of  the 1992 fiscal  year in the consolidated
statement of operations. The cumulative effect  of the change in accounting  for
income  taxes increased the 1992 net loss by $8.1 million or $1.50 per share and
was reported separately in the consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended December 27, 1992. The change in accounting for income taxes increased the
credit for taxes in 1992 by $0.9 million.
 
                                      -43-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
Significant components of the Company's  deferred tax liabilities and assets  at
December 26, 1993 and December 27, 1992 is summarized below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Liabilities                                     1993       1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                                  (Expressed in
                                                                                    thousands)
<S>                                                                            <C>        <C>
Property, plant and equipment                                                  $  21,319  $  21,535
                                                                               ---------  ---------
Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                    21,319     21,535
                                                                               ---------  ---------
 
<CAPTION>
                                   Assets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>        <C>
Postretirement benefits other than pensions                                       34,381     32,222
Inventory                                                                          4,313      3,185
Reserves                                                                             670        426
Pensions                                                                           8,620        565
Other employee benefits                                                            2,712      2,039
Other assets                                                                         910        736
Miscellaneous                                                                        310        236
Alternative minimum tax credits                                                    1,496      3,005
Other                                                                                 90        726
                                                                               ---------  ---------
Gross deferred tax assets                                                         53,502     43,140
                                                                               ---------  ---------
Net deferred tax asset                                                         $  32,183  $  21,605
                                                                               ---------  ---------
                                                                               ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
The  Company believes it is more likely than not to realize the net deferred tax
asset and accordingly no valuation allowance has been provided. This  conclusion
is   based  on,  (i)  reversing   deductible  temporary  differences  (excluding
postretirement amounts) being offset by reversing taxable temporary differences,
(ii) the  extremely long  period that  is available  to realize  the future  tax
benefits   associated  with  the  postretirement  related  deductible  temporary
differences and, (iii) the Company's expected future profitability.
 
In 1993 and  1992, the  change in the  deferred income  tax liability  primarily
represents  the effect of  changes in the amounts  of temporary differences from
December 27, 1992 to  December 26, 1993  and December 29,  1991 to December  27,
1992,  respectively. For  1991, the deferred  income tax  liability results from
timing  differences,  created  principally  by   the  use  of  accelerated   tax
depreciation,  in the  recognition of income  and expense for  tax and financial
reporting purposes.
 
The Company's  federal  tax liability  is  the greater  of  its regular  tax  or
alternative  minimum  tax.  At  December 26,  1993,  the  Company  had available
alternative minimum tax  credits of  $1.5 million.  This amount  can be  carried
forward  indefinitely  and utilized  as a  tax  credit to  reduce, to  a certain
extent, regular tax liabilities of future years.
 
                                      -44-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
The effective income tax  rates for 1993,  1992 and 1991  are reconciled to  the
federal statutory tax rate in the following table:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      1993          1992          1991
                                                   -----------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>           <C>
Statutory federal income tax rate                       34.0%       (34.0)%       (34.0)%
Change in tax rate due to:
  Federal surtax                                         1.9         --            --
  Depreciation                                          --           --             5.1
  Reorganization and restructuring costs                --            1.7           3.9
  State taxes - net of federal tax effect                4.7           .8          (2.0)
  Reserves no longer required                           --           (6.4)         --
  Penalties                                               .6          2.3          --
  Other - net                                           (1.2)        (1.4)          3.0
                                                       ---        -----         -----
                                                        40.0%       (37.0)%       (24.0)%
                                                       ---        -----         -----
                                                       ---        -----         -----
</TABLE>
 
There  are currently  certain federal tax  matters that,  upon resolution, could
enable the Company to carryback its entire 1986 net operating loss.
 
In 1993,  cash flows  were reduced  by $4.5  million resulting  from income  tax
payments  of $5.0 million and  income tax refunds of  $0.5 million in connection
with net operating loss carryback claims. In 1992, cash flows were increased  by
$4.8  million resulting  from $6.0 million  of income tax  refunds in connection
with net  operating  loss carryback  claims  and  income tax  payments  of  $1.2
million. No cash payments for income taxes were made in 1991.
 
LONG-TERM DEBT AND REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT:
 
The  Company's long-term  debt at  December 26,  1993 and  December 27,  1992 is
summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           1993       1992
                                                                         ---------  ---------
                                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                                                                      <C>        <C>
Senior notes, 9.35%, due 1994-1999                                       $  50,000  $  50,000
Note payable, 6.5% to 6.75%, due 1998-2008                                   6,000      9,500
                                                                         ---------  ---------
                                                                            56,000     59,500
Less current portion                                                         6,667      3,500
                                                                         ---------  ---------
                                                                         $  49,333  $  56,000
                                                                         ---------  ---------
                                                                         ---------  ---------
</TABLE>
 
                                      -45-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
      The  maturities during  the five years  ending December 27,  1998 are $6.7
million in 1994 and 1995, $16.7 million  in 1996, $6.7 million in 1997 and  $7.2
million  in 1998. Cash flows from operating activities were reduced by cash paid
for interest on debt by $5.2 million in 1993 and $5.6 million in 1992 and 1991.
 
      The Company has a revolving credit  agreement with a group of banks  which
provides aggregate commitments of $60 million. At December 26, 1993 and December
27,  1992, no amounts  were outstanding under the  credit agreement. The Company
pays an annual commitment fee ranging from three-eighths to one-half percent  on
the  unused portion of the credit line. The credit agreement includes a covenant
that restricts the payment of dividends. At December 26, 1993, retained earnings
available for the payment of dividends amounted to $10 million.
 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
  CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS
 
      The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short  maturity
of those instruments.
 
  LONG-TERM DEBT
 
      The fair value of the Company's long-term debt is estimated by calculating
the  present value of the remaining interest  and principal payments on the debt
to maturity. The  present value computation  uses a discount  rate equal to  the
prime  rate at the end of the reporting  period plus or minus the spread between
the prime rate and the rate negotiated on the debt at the inception of the loan.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1993                          1992
                                                   ----------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                     Carrying                      Carrying
                                                      Amount       Fair Value       Amount       Fair Value
                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash and cash equivalents                          $      50,444  $      50,444  $      49,224  $      49,224
Long-term debt
  - Senior notes, 9.35%, due 1994-1999                    50,000         56,130         50,000         57,992
  - Note payable, 6.50% to 6.75%, due 1998-2008            6,000          7,021          9,500         10,524
                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                   $     106,444  $     113,595  $     108,724  $     117,740
                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                   -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>
 
COMMON STOCK:
 
      The Company  has a  stock incentive  program which  provides, among  other
benefits, for the granting of stock options and stock awards to officers and key
employees.  Stock options for  the Company's common stock  are granted at prices
not less than the market price at date  of grant and no option may be  exercised
more than ten years from the grant date.
 
                                      -46-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
      Information regarding stock options is summarized below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Option          Per share
                                                                                     Shares        option price
                                                                                    ---------  ---------------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>        <C>
OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 30, 1990                                                      382,475  $ 8.375 - $24.25
Granted                                                                               198,500  $13.563
Exercised                                                                              (2,250) $ 8.375
Canceled                                                                              (18,700) $ 8.375 - $24.25
                                                                                    ---------
OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 29, 1991                                                      560,025  $ 8.375 - $24.25
Granted                                                                                58,000  $18.75
Exercised                                                                             (10,100) $ 8.375 - $15.625
Canceled                                                                              (30,950) $13.563 - $24.25
                                                                                    ---------
OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 27, 1992                                                      576,975
Granted                                                                                88,500  $14.50
Exercised                                                                             (39,450) $ 8.375 - $17.00
Canceled                                                                              (17,675) $13.563 - $24.25
                                                                                    ---------
OUTSTANDING AT DECEMBER 26, 1993                                                      608,350
                                                                                    ---------
                                                                                    ---------
</TABLE>
 
      At  December 26, 1993,  490,850 options were  exercisable; 447,650 options
were exercisable at December 27, 1992.
 
      Stock awards granted in  1993 totaled 15,400 shares  at a value of  either
$16.00  or $16.75 per share depending on the grant date. Stock awards granted in
1992 totaled 18,650 shares  at a value of  either $ 15.00 or  $ 18.75 per  share
depending  on the grant date. Stock awards granted in 1991 totaled 60,900 shares
at a value of either $ 11.75 or $ 13.563 per share depending on the grant date.
 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:
 
      The Company's  interest  in an  iron  ore mining  joint  venture  requires
payment  of its proportionate share of  all fixed operating costs, regardless of
the quantity of ore received, plus  the variable operating costs of minimum  ore
production for the Company's account. Normally, the Company reimburses the joint
venture  for these costs  through its purchase of  ore at the  higher of cost or
market prices. During 1993, the Company  obtained approximately 56% of its  iron
ore   needs  from  the  joint  venture   and  purchases  during  1993  generally
approximated market prices.
 
      The Company is subject to  various federal, state and local  environmental
statutes  and regulations which provide  a comprehensive program for controlling
the release of materials into the environment and require responsible parties to
remediate certain waste disposal sites.  In addition, various health and  safety
statutes  and regulations  apply to the  work-place environment. Administrative,
civil and criminal penalties may be applicable for failure to comply with  these
laws.
 
      These  environmental laws and regulations are subject to periodic revision
and modification. The United States Congress, by example, has recently completed
a major overhaul of the federal Clean Air Act which is a major component of  the
federal environmental statutes affecting the Company's operations.
 
      From  time  to  time,  the  Company  is  also  involved  in administrative
proceedings  involving  the  issuance,  or  renewal,  of  environmental  permits
relating  to the conduct  of its business.  The final issuance  of these permits
have been resolved on terms satisfactory to the Company; and, in the future, the
Company expects such permits will similarly be resolved on satisfactory terms.
 
      Although  management  believes  it  will  be  required  to  make   further
substantial  expenditures for  pollution abatement  facilities in  future years,
because  of  the   continuous  revision  of   these  regulatory  and   statutory
requirements,  the  Company  is not  able  to reasonably  estimate  the specific
pollution abatement
 
                                      -47-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
requirements, the amount or timing  of such expenditures to maintain  compliance
with  these environmental laws.  While such expenditures in  future years may be
substantial, management  does not  presently expect  they will  have a  material
adverse effect on the Company's future ability to compete within its markets.
 
      In  those cases  where the  Company has  been identified  as a Potentially
Responsible Party ("PRP") or is otherwise  made aware of a possible exposure  to
incur  costs associated with an  environmental matter, management determines (i)
whether, in fact, the Company has been properly named or is otherwise obligated,
(ii) the extent  to which the  Company may be  responsible for costs  associated
with  the site in question, (iii) an  assessment as to whether another party may
be responsible under various indemnification  agreements the Company is a  party
to,  and (iv) an estimate, if one can  be made, of the costs associated with the
clean-up efforts  or  settlement costs.  It  is  the Company's  policy  to  make
provisions  for  environmental  clean-up costs  at  the time  that  a reasonable
estimate can be made. At December 26, 1993, the Company had recorded reserves of
less than  $0.3 million  for environmental  clean-up matters.  While it  is  not
possible to predict the ultimate costs of resolving environmental related issues
facing  the  Company,  based  upon  information  currently  available,  they are
currently not expected to have a  material effect on the consolidated  financial
condition of the Company.
 
      In  connection with  the spin-off from  new Interlake,  Acme Steel Company
entered into certain indemnification agreements with new Interlake. As discussed
in Item  3, Legal  Proceedings, significant  environmental and  tax matters  are
subject  to indemnification  by new  Interlake under  these agreements.  To date
Interlake has met its obligations with  respect to all matters covered by  these
agreements.  The inability of new Interlake  to fulfill its obligations, for any
reason, under these indemnification agreements could result in increased  future
obligations for the Acme Steel Company.
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS:
 
      Commencing  in 1993, the Company has  elected to present its operations in
two segments, Steel Making and Steel  Fabricating. Prior year amounts have  been
restated for comparison purposes.
 
      Steel  Making  operations  include  the manufacture  of  sheet,  strip and
semifinished steel  in low-,  mid-, and  high-carbon alloy  and special  grades.
Principal   markets  include  agricultural,  automotive,  industrial  equipment,
industrial fasteners,  welded steel  tubing,  processor and  tool  manufacturing
industries.
 
      The  Steel Fabricating  business segment  processes and  distributes steel
strapping,  strapping   tools   and   industrial   packaging   (Acme   Packaging
Corporation),  welded steel  tube (Alpha  Tube Corporation)  and auto  and light
truck jacks (Universal Tool & Stamping). The Steel Fabricating Segment sells  to
a number of markets.
 
      All  sales between segments are recorded  at current market prices. Income
from operations  consists  of total  sales  less operating  expenses.  Operating
expenses include an allocation of expenses incurred at the Corporate Office that
are  considered by the Company  to be operating expenses  of the segments rather
than general corporate expenses. Income (loss) from operations does not  include
other   non-operating  income  or  expense,  interest  income  or  expense,  the
cumulative  effect  of  changes  in  accounting  principles,  or  income  taxes.
Identifiable  assets are those  that are associated  with each business segment.
Corporate assets are  principally investments in  cash equivalents and  deferred
income taxes.
 
      The  products  and  services of  the  Steel Making  and  Steel Fabricating
Segments are distributed through their own respective sales organizations  which
have  sales offices at various locations in  the United States. Export sales are
insignificant for the years presented.
 
                                      -48-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
                              SEGMENT INFORMATION
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            1993              1992             1991
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
<S>                                       <C>             <C>                <C>
Sales
  Trade:
    Steel Making                          $ 187,750       $    145,627       $ 140,877
    Steel Fabricating                       269,656            245,935         236,074
  Intersegment:
    Steel Making                            116,094            114,517         110,184
    Steel Fabricating                         1,873              1,023          --
  Eliminations:                            (117,967)          (115,540)       (110,184)
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
    Total                                 $ 457,406       $    391,562       $ 376,951
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
Income (Loss) from Operations
    Steel Making                          $     736(1)    $     (9,363)(3)   $  (4,110)
    Steel Fabricating                        11,929(2)           7,308(4)        2,639
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
    Total                                 $  12,665       $     (2,055)      $  (1,471)
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
Identifiable Assets:
    Steel Making                          $ 203,366       $    185,743       $ 171,389
    Steel Fabricating                       108,254             94,514          84,100
    Corporate                                22,249             20,445          35,247
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
    Total                                 $ 333,869       $    300,702       $ 290,736
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
Depreciation:
    Steel Making                          $  11,285       $     10,805       $  10,010
    Steel Fabricating                         3,842              3,804           4,124
    Corporate                                   107                 96              90
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
    Total                                 $  15,234       $     14,705       $  14,224
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
Capital Expenditures:
    Steel Making                          $   9,368       $      5,661       $   8,402
    Steel Fabricating                         2,283              1,823           2,027
    Corporate                                    98                 73             182
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
    Total                                 $  11,749       $      7,557       $  10,611
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
                                          ---------       ------------       ---------
<FN>
     (1) Includes a $1.3  million write  off of Acme  Steel Company's  No. 3  Hot
        Strip Mill and Billet Mill.
     (2) Includes a $0.6 million expense to close Acme Packaging s Pittsburg-East
        facility  in California and the write-off of a strapping line at its New
        Britain, Connecticut facility.
     (3) Includes a $2.1 million  restructuring charge in  connection with a  10%
        salaried work force reduction plan.
     (4) Includes  a $0.3 million  restructuring charge in  connection with a 10%
        salaried work force reduction plan.
</TABLE>
 
                                      -49-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
SUBSEQUENT EVENT:
 
On March 3,  1994, Acme Metals  Incorporated (the "Company")  agreed to sell  an
issue  of securities on a private  placement basis exclusively in Canada. Within
160 days of the closing  of this transaction (expected  on March 28, 1994),  the
securities  will  be exchangeable  for 5,000,000  common  shares of  the Company
(5,600,000 common  shares if  an  over-allotment option  for the  securities  is
exercised  before  closing) subject  to the  fulfillment of  certain conditions.
Conditions include the approval by the Board of Directors of the Company of  the
construction  of a continuous thin slab  caster-hot rolled mill and confirmation
of the availability of debt financing sufficient for such construction.
 
The securities and the underlying common  shares have not been registered  under
the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold
in  the United States or to a U.S.  person, as defined in Regulation S under the
Securities Act, absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration
requirements.
 
                                      -50-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
 
                         QUARTERLY RESULTS (UNAUDITED)
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    First       Second        Third       Fourth
                                                                   Quarter      Quarter      Quarter      Quarter
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1993
- ----
Net sales                                                        $   107,863  $   117,169  $   111,919  $   120,455
Gross profit                                                           7,518       11,670        9,206       16,829
Net income (loss)                                                        114        2,056          115        3,974
Net income (loss) per share                                      $      0.02  $      0.38  $      0.02  $      0.73
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1992
- ----
Net sales                                                        $    98,522  $    99,993  $    94,884  $    98,163
Gross profit                                                           7,967        5,897        6,303        9,379
Net income (loss)(1)                                                 (50,144)      (1,288)      (2,647)         907
Net income (loss) per share(1)                                   $     (9.29) $     (0.24) $     (0.49) $      0.17
Net income before accounting changes                                     179       (1,288)      (2,647)         907
Net income per share before accounting changes                   $      0.03  $     (0.24) $     (0.49) $      0.17
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1991
- ----
Net sales                                                        $    92,403  $    91,732  $    98,545  $    94,271
Gross profit                                                           6,025        5,642        8,223        7,858
Net income (loss)                                                     (1,001)        (626)         229         (920)
Net income (loss) per share                                      $     (0.19) $     (0.11) $      0.04  $     (0.17)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The fourth quarter  of 1993 includes  a $1.2 million  benefit related to  Acme's
investment  in  Wabush Mines,  a  $1.3 million  expense  to write-off  the Steel
subsidiary's No. 3 Hot Strip Mill and  Billet Mill, and $0.6 million of  expense
associated  with  the  closure  of  the  Packaging  subsidiary's  Pittsburg-East
facility in California and  the write-off of a  strapping line at the  Packaging
subsidiary's New Britain, Connecticut facility.
 
The  third  quarter of  1992  includes a  $3.1  million restructuring  charge in
connection with the Company's work force reduction plan.
 
The fourth quarter of  1992 includes a $1  million gain on the  sale of all  the
Company's  interests  in  a coal  producing  property  in West  Virginia,  and a
postretirement  plan  curtailment   gain  of   $0.4  million   related  to   the
restructuring charge was included in fourth quarter results.
 
The second quarter of 1991 includes an unusual item related to the assignment of
Acme's  rights in claims allowed in the  LTV Steel Company, Inc. bankruptcy to a
third party which added $1.2 million to pre-tax income.
 
(1) Reflects the  adoption  of Financial  Accounting  Standards (FAS)  No.  106,
    "Employers'  Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" and
    FAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" in the first quarter of 1992.
 
                                      -51-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                   SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                 (in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Other
                                Balance at                             changes    Balance
                                beginning   Additions                    add       at end
Fiscal Year                      of year     at cost    Retirements   (deduct)    of year
- ------------------------------  ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
  1993
  ------
  Land                          $    3,786                                        $  3,786
  Buildings                         48,530  $   1,084   $      (36)                 49,578
  Equipment                        349,494     11,653       (8,841)                352,306
  Construction in progress           3,874       (988)                               2,886
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
  Total                         $  405,684  $  11,749   $   (8,877)   $     0     $408,556
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
  1992
  ------
  Land                          $    3,786                                        $  3,786
  Buildings                         47,804  $     960   $     (247)   $    13(a)    48,530
  Equipment                        347,767      3,739       (2,882)       870(a)   349,494
  Construction in progress           1,016      2,858                                3,874
  Coal land and development          1,598                             (1,598)(b)
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
  Total                         $  401,971  $   7,557   $   (3,129)   $  (715)    $405,684
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
  1991
  ------
  Land                          $    3,786                                        $  3,786
  Buildings                         47,228  $     592   $      (16)                 47,804
  Equipment                        335,091     13,105         (429)                347,767
  Construction in progress           4,102     (3,086)                               1,016
  Coal land and development          1,598                                           1,598
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
  Total                         $  391,805  $  10,611   $     (445)   $     0     $401,971
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
                                ----------  ---------   -----------   ---------   --------
<FN>
     (a) Represents  the  cumulative   effect  on  a   prior  purchase   business
        combination  as a result of the Company's implementation of FAS No. 109,
        Accounting for Income Taxes.
     (b) Represents a sale of all of the Company's interests in a coal  producing
        property in West Virginia.
     (c) The estimated lives used in determining annual rates of depreciation (on
        a straight-line basis) to be applied to the cost of principal classes of
        assets are:
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           Years
                          --------
<S>                       <C>
Buildings                 30 to 50
Equipment                 5 to 18
</TABLE>
 
                                      -52-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
    SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                 (in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Additions
                                                                          charged
                                                            Balance at   to costs                   Other
                                                             beginning      and                  changes add  Balance at
Fiscal Year                                                   of year    expenses   Retirements   (deduct)    end of year
- ----------------------------------------------------------  -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>
  1993
  ------
  Buildings                                                 $    31,191  $     851   $     (35)               $    32,007
  Equipment                                                     253,804     14,383      (7,177)                   261,010
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  Total                                                     $   284,995  $  15,234   $  (7,212)   $       0   $   293,017
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  1992
  ------
  Buildings                                                 $    30,588  $     848   $    (247)   $       2(a) $    31,191
  Equipment                                                     241,653     13,858      (2,106)         399(a)     253,804
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  Total                                                     $   272,241  $  14,706   $  (2,353)   $     401   $   284,995
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  1991
  ------
  Buildings                                                 $    29,818  $     770                            $    30,588
  Equipment                                                     228,568     13,454   $    (369)                   241,653
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
  Total                                                     $   258,386  $  14,224   $    (369)   $       0   $   272,241
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                            -----------  ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<FN>
     (a) Represents   the  cumulative   effect  on  a   prior  purchase  business
        combination as a result of the Company's implementation of FAS No.  109,
        Accounting for Income Taxes.
</TABLE>
 
                                      -53-
<PAGE>
                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
         SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                 (in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Additions
                                                                        ---------------------
                                                           Balance at   Charged to   Charged
                                                            beginning    costs and   to other                Balance at
Fiscal Year                                                  of year     expenses    Accounts    Deductions  end of year
- ---------------------------------------------------------  -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
  1993
  ------
  Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable                $   1,081    $     240   $ 232(a)    $ (398)(b)   $   1,155
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
  1992
  ------
  Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable                $     741    $     645   $ 300(a)    $ (605)(b)   $   1,081
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
  1991
  ------
  Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable                $     523    $   1,045   $  91(a)    $ (918)(b)   $     741
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
                                                           -----------  -----------  --------    ---------   -----------
<FN>
     (a) Consists  principally  of recoveries  of accounts  charged off  in prior
        years.
     (b) Uncollectible accounts charged off.
</TABLE>
 
             SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTAL INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                 (in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Charged to costs and expenses for the year
                                                                                   ended
                                                                -------------------------------------------
                                                                December 26,   December 27,   December 29,
                                                                    1993           1992           1991
                                                                -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>            <C>
Maintenance and repairs                                          $    39,456    $    34,337    $    32,418
                                                                -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                -------------  -------------  -------------
Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes (principally real
 estate and personal property taxes)                             $     5,343    $     5,882    $     4,762
                                                                -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>
 
Other items requiring  disclosure are not  shown as they  individually are  less
than 1% of net sales.
 
                                      -54-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.27
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.27
                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

                    Pursuant to the Acme Metals Incorporated
                          1986 Stock Incentive Program

    This agreement, made and entered into as of the Date of Grant by and
between Acme Metals Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
the Optionee, consists of this facing page, the reverse side of the facing
page containing the definition of Change in Control, and the Standard Terms
and Conditions attached hereto.

    WHEREAS, the Optionee is an employee of Acme Metals Incorporated or a
subsidiary thereof, (hereinafter called the "Company");

    WHEREAS, the 1986 Stock Incentive Program of Acme Metals Incorporated and
its subsidiaries authorizing the granting to officers and to other key
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries of options to buy from the
Company shares of common stock, par value $1 per share, has been duly adopted
by the Board of Directors and shareholders of the Company; and

    WHEREAS, the execution of a stock option agreement in the form hereof has
been duly authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company
duly adopted on June 12, 1992 and incorporated herein by reference;

    NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Company hereby grants to the
Optionee an option to purchase the number of shares shown below of common
stock, par value $1 per share, of the Company, upon the terms and conditions
herein set forth.

Date of Grant:

Optionee:

Option Shares:

Option Price:

Exercise Schedule
Per Paragraph 1:
                                      ACME METALS INCORPORATED



                                      By
                                        ---------------------------------
                                         Brian W. H. Marsden
                                         Chairman and
                                         Chief Executive Officer


    I hereby acknowledge receipt of the nonqualified stock option granted on
the date shown above, which has been issued to me under the terms and
conditions of the 1986 Stock Incentive Program (the "Plan").  I further
acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and agree to conform to all of the
terms and conditions of this Stock Option Agreement and the Plan.



Date:                                                                      
     --------------------               -----------------------------------


<PAGE>



*  The term "Change in Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
   following events:


  (a)   there shall be consummated any consolidation, merger or reorganization
        of Acme Metals Incorporated (the "Company") in which the Company is
        not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which the
        outstanding voting securities or other capital interests of the
        Company would be converted into cash, securities or other property,
        other than a consolidation, merger or reorganization of the Company in
        which the holders of the Company's outstanding voting securities or
        other capital interests immediately prior to such consolidation,
        merger or reorganization shall directly or indirectly, have
        seventy-five (75%) or more of the outstanding voting securities or
        other capital interests of the surviving, resulting or acquiring
        corporation or other legal entity;

  (b)   the Company sells, leases, exchanges or transfers (in one transaction
        or a series of related transactions) all or substantially all of its
        business and/or assets to any other corporation or other legal entity
        of which less than 75% of the outstanding voting securities or other
        capital interests of said corporation or other legal entity are owned
        in the aggregate by the shareholders of the Company, directly or
        indirectly, immediately prior to or after such sale;

  (c)   the shareholders of the Company shall approve any plan or proposal for
        the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;

  (d)   any person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) or
        Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange
        Act") other than the Company or a subsidiary or any employee benefit
        plan sponsored by the Company has become the beneficial owner (as the
        term "beneficial owner" is defined under Rule 13d-3 or any successor
        rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or
        indirectly, of 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
        Company's then outstanding voting securities ordinarily (and apart
        from rights accruing in special circumstances) having the right to
        vote in the election of directors, as a result of a tender or exchange
        offer, open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, or
        otherwise;

  (e)   at any time during any period of two consecutive years, individuals
        who at the beginning of any such period constitute the Directors of
        the Company cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
        thereof unless the election, or the nomination for election by the
        Company's shareholders, of each new Director of the Company was
        approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of such Directors of the
        Company then still in office who were Directors of the Company at the
        beginning of any such two-year period; or

  (f)   such other event, or events, as shall be determined by the Board of
        Directors to be a Change in Control.


<PAGE>



                        Standard Terms and Conditions of
                      Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
                     Under the 1986 Stock Incentive Program
                                       of
                            Acme Metals Incorporated
              As Adopted By the Board of Directors on June 12, 1992


    1.   This option may be exercised in full (until terminated as hereinafter
provided) upon the retirement or upon death of the Optionee while employed by
the Company or any subsidiary or upon a Change in Control(*) of the Company.
Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this option (until terminated as
hereinafter provided) shall be exercisable only to the extent of one-half of
the shares hereinabove specified after the Optionee shall have been in the
continuous employ of the Company or any subsidiary for one full year from the
date hereof and to the extent of the remaining one-half of such shares after
the next succeeding year during which the Optionee shall have been in the
continuous employ of the Company or any subsidiary.  For the purposes of this
paragraph, leaves of absence for illness, military or governmental service, or
other cause, shall be considered as employment.  To the extent exercisable,
this option may be exercised in whole or in part from time to time, provided,
however, that any fractional share shall be rounded down to the nearest whole
share.

    2.   The option price may, at the election of the Optionee, be paid (i) in
cash or by check acceptable to the Company, or (ii) by transfer to the Company
of shares of common stock of the Company having a value at the time of
exercise (the average of the high and low prices quoted on NASDAQ
Over-the-Counter Markets, National Markets Issues, or The New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transactions, whichever is applicable, on the date upon
which the Optionee's exercise of stock option is received) no greater than the
total option price, or (iii) any combination of whole shares and funds.  In
addition, the Optionee shall pay the Company an amount equal to applicable
federal, state and local withholding taxes.  Upon receipt of the payments
referred to in the preceding sentence, the Company agrees to cause
certificates for any shares purchased hereunder to be delivered to the
Optionee.

    3.   This option shall terminate on the earliest of the following dates:

         (a)    on the date upon which the Optionee ceases to be an employee
                of the Company or a subsidiary by reason of termination of
                employment for cause;

         (b)    three months after the Optionee ceases to be an employee of
                the Company or a subsidiary, unless he ceases to be such
                employee by reason of death, retirement or in a manner
                described in (a) above;

         (c)    two years after the death of the Optionee if the Optionee dies
                while an employee of the Company or a subsidiary;

         (d)    two years after the retirement of the Optionee;

         (e)    ten years from the date on which this option was granted.

In the event the Optionee shall intentionally commit an act materially
inimical to the interests of the Company or a subsidiary, and the Board of
Directors shall so find, this option shall terminate at the time of such act,
notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement.  Nothing contained in
this option



- --------------
*   See reverse side of Stock Option Agreement page for definition of Change
    in Control shall limit whatever right the Company or a subsidiary might
    otherwise have to terminate the employment of the Optionee.


<PAGE>




    4.   This option is not transferable by the Optionee otherwise than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution and is exercisable, during the
lifetime of the Optionee, only by him.

    5.   This option shall not be exercisable if such exercise would involve a
violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the Company
hereby agrees to make reasonable efforts to comply with any applicable
securities laws.

    6.   The Board of Directors shall make such adjustments in the option
price and in the number or kind of shares of common stock, par value $1 a
share, or other securities covered by this option as such Board of Directors
in its discretion, exercised in good faith, may determine is equitably
required to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of the Optionee that
otherwise would result from (a) any stock dividend, stock split, combination
of shares, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the
Company, or (b) any merger, consolidation, separation, reorganization or
partial or complete liquidation, or (c) any other corporate transaction or
event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing.  No adjustment
provided for in this Paragraph 6 shall require the Company to sell any
fractional shares.

    7.   The term "subsidiary" as used in this agreement means any corporation
(other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with
the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the
unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty per cent or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations
in such chain.  For purposes of this agreement, the continuous employ of the
Optionee with the Company or a subsidiary shall not be deemed interrupted, and
the Optionee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the
Company or any subsidiary, by reason of the transfer of his employment among
the Company and its subsidiaries.

    8.   The term "retirement" means the termination of an Optionee's
employment under such circumstances as entitle him to elect an immediate
pension under any retirement or pension benefit plan (as defined under the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, "ERISA") of the
Company, or any subsidiary by which he is employed and in which he
participates at termination of employment.  If an Optionee does not
participate in an ERISA retirement or pension benefit plan, "retirement" means
the termination of an Optionee's employment under such circumstances as would
have entitled him to elect an immediate pension if any such retirement or
pension plan had applied to such employee.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.33
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.33
                             ACME METALS INCORPORATED

                              GRANT OF STOCK AWARD

                             Dated as of____________


To:

  Pursuant to and in accordance with all the terms and conditions of the Acme
Metals Incorporated 1986 Stock Incentive Program (the "Program"), the Board of
Directors (the "Board") of Acme Metals Incorporated (hereinafter sometimes
referred to as "the Company") has granted you a stock award, effective the
above date ("Date of Grant"), of  shares of the $1.00 par value common stock
of Acme Metals Incorporated, such Grant of Stock Award ("Stock Award") to be
subject also to the following terms and conditions:

1. GRANT OF STOCK AWARD

  (a)   The Company will cause to be issued in your name the number of shares
covered by this Stock Award represented by five (5) stock certificates, each
representing as nearly as practicable twenty per cent (20%) of the total
number of shares covered in total by this Stock Award, and will physically
deliver such certificates to you as promptly as possible as they become earned
out and deliverable under Paragraph 3 of this Stock Award.

  (b)   When you sign and return this Stock Award you will also sign and
return the five irrevocable stock powers enclosed herewith and will deliver
the same to the Secretary of the Company to facilitate the transfer of any or
all of the stock covered by this Stock Award to the Company (or its assignee
or nominee), if appropriate or required under the terms of this Stock Award or
the Program under which such shares are issued or applicable laws or
regulations.

2. ISSUE OF STOCK AWARD - LIMITS ON TRANSFER

  Physical custody of the stock certificates representing the shares covered
by this Stock Award will be in the Company's possession subject to the removal
or release of restrictions on transfer thereof, as provided in Paragraph 3
hereof.  You expressly agree that you will not sell, assign, transfer, pledge,
or otherwise make any disposition of the shares subject to this Stock Award,
or make any attempt to do so, except as to such shares, if any, which are
covered by this Stock Award and which are represented by one or more stock
certificates duly delivered to you.

3. EARN OUT OF STOCK AWARD

  (a)   Provided that you are then continuing to serve as an employee of the
Company or a subsidiary thereof, the restrictions on disposition of the shares
covered by this Stock Award (except those that may be imposed by law) shall
lapse and such shares shall become deliverable to you as follows:

        (i)    twenty per cent (20%) of such shares six months and one day
               after the Date of Grant ("First Earnout Date"):

       (ii)    twenty per cent (20%) of such shares on each of the next four
               anniversaries of the First Earnout Date (or the next preceding
               business day if such anniversary is not a business day):



                                       
<PAGE>





      (iii)    in the event of a Change of Control (see attachment for
               definition of Change of Control) of the Company.

       For purposes of this agreement, continuous employment with the Company
or a subsidiary shall not be deemed interrupted and employment shall not be
deemed to have ceased by reason of transfer of employment among the Company
and its subsidiaries.

  (b)  The restrictions on your unearned shares shall lapse and all shares not
theretofore delivered to you shall become deliverable as of the date on which
your employment with the Company or a subsidiary terminates by reason of
retirement, death or disability.

  (c)  Subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Paragraph 3 are subject to the
provisions of the Program, the provisions of this Stock Award, and any
election or elections you may make pursuant to Paragraph 4 below.  As promptly
as reasonably possible after each date on which restrictions on your unearned
shares shall lapse, the Company will physically deliver to you the stock
certificate representing the number of shares as to which restrictions have
lapsed and will destroy the stock power(s) referred to in Paragraph 1(b)
hereof relating to the shares so delivered; provided, however, that none of
the stock subject to this award shall be deliverable to you, unless and until
(i) all necessary requirements of state and federal securities laws and
regulations have been met and (ii) the Company has been reimbursed for
applicable withholding taxes which are payable to federal, state and local
governments.

4. PAYMENT OF TAXES

  (a)  You or any other person receiving stock under this Stock Award shall be
required to pay to the Company or a subsidiary the amount of any federal,
state or local taxes which the Company or a subsidiary is required to withhold
with respect to shares covered by this Stock Award at the time the
restrictions on such shares lapse or at such time as the Company or a
subsidiary in its judgment becomes liable to withhold any such tax ("Tax
Date").

  (b)  You may elect to have the fair market value of up to one-half of the
shares of each installment applied to the payment of federal, state and local
taxes arising out of your right to receive such installment ("Withholding
Election").  "Fair market value" shall mean as to each share the average of
the high and low prices of the Company's common stock on the Tax Date (or, if
there are no sales on that date, the last preceding date on which there was a
reported sale) on the NASDAQ Over-the-Counter Markets, National Markets
Issues, or the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions, as reported in
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL (corrected for reporting errors), whichever is
applicable on said date.  Such fair market value shall be determined, in the
case of the first installment, on the First Earnout Date, and in the case of
all other installments, on each of the next four anniversaries on which an
installment is earned out, unless a provision of the Program or some other
provision of this Stock Award requires that such installment be valued on a
different Tax Date for federal income tax purposes.  If there are no sales of
the Company's common stock on the applicable date, fair market value will be
determined as of the last preceding date on which there was a sale.  The fair
market value of such shares will be applied first to state and local taxes at
the statutory withholding rates in effect when the applicable installment is
valued, second to federal income taxes at the statutory withholding rate in
effect when the applicable installment is valued, and any balance will be
treated as federal income taxes withheld in excess of the statutory minimum.
The Company or a subsidiary shall pay to the applicable taxing authorities
such amounts for your account.  If you make such an election you will be
deemed to have sold and re-transferred to the Company the number of whole
shares covered by your election.

  (c)  If you do not make a Withholding Election with respect to the first
installment on the accompanying Tax Payment Provisions form dated as of the
date of this Stock Award and return it to the Secretary of the Company, the
Company will deliver a certificate for twenty per cent (20%) of the shares
granted unless by


                                       - 2 -
<PAGE>





reason of some other provision of this agreement or a provision of the Program
such installment is not deliverable.  Withholding Elections with respect to
the second and subsequent installments must be in writing and must be
delivered to the Secretary of the Company either (i) at least six months
before the applicable anniversary of the First Earnout Date or (ii) during the
most recent ten-day period preceding the applicable anniversary of the First
Earnout Date, beginning on the third business day and ending on the twelfth
business day after release for publication of the Company's quarterly or
annual sales and earnings.  If no election is received within the time
specified for a particular installment, the Company will deliver a certificate
for twenty per cent (20%) of the shares granted shares unless by reason of
some other provision of this agreement or a provision of the Program such
installment is not deliverable.  If a Withholding Election is timely received,
the Company will cancel the stock certificate issued pursuant to Paragraph
1(a) above which pertains to such installment and will issue and deliver a
replacement certificate for the difference between the installment of shares
and the number of shares as to which a timely Withholding Election has been
made, unless by reason of some other provision of this Stock Award or a
provision of the Program such installment is not deliverable.  If one or more
installments become deliverable by reason of retirement, death, or disability,
you or your personal representative must, within four months next following
such event, make a Withholding Election to have up to one-half the fair market
value of such shares applied to the payment of taxes or to receive the entire
installment or installments in stock and pay the taxes due in cash.  The
entire installment or installments will be paid in stock if a Withholding
Election to receive such installment or installments entirely in stock is made
within such four-month period or if a Withholding Election to have the fair
market value of shares applied to the payment of taxes is not made within such
four-month period.

  (d)  The Company or a subsidiary will furnish you with a statement of
applicable withholding taxes providing for the election described herein for
each installment of this Stock Award.  You are required to promptly reimburse
the Company or a subsidiary for the amount of withholding taxes shown on such
statement.  If you fail to reimburse the Company or a subsidiary within three
months after each applicable Tax Date, the entire amount of the installment
will be forfeited unless the Board in its sole discretion determines to extend
the time for good cause shown.  If withholding taxes are due because one or
more installments have become immediately deliverable following retirement,
death or disability, the entire amount of such installment or installments
will be forfeited unless the Company or a subsidiary is reimbursed for all
such taxes within six months following such retirement, death or disability or
unless the Board in its sole discretion determines to extend the time for good
cause shown.

5. RIGHTS AS A SHAREHOLDER

  Subject to the limitations, conditions, and restrictions on transfer imposed
by this Stock Award and by the Program, it is recognized that you will be
treated as the owner of the stock covered by this Stock Award as follows:

   (a)  You shall be entitled to receive all dividends, whether in cash, stock
        or in any other form, payable with respect to such unearned shares; if
        payable in stock, any such dividend shall be subject to all
        restrictions applicable to the stock with respect to which such
        dividend is paid;

   (b)  You shall be entitled to vote all such unearned shares in respect to
        any question with respect to which a vote of stockholders is required
        or solicited.

  Such rights shall immediately lapse in the event any shares are forfeited or
lapsed as provided in Paragraphs 6, 7 or 8 hereof.




                                       - 3 -
<PAGE>





6. AMENDMENT, CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION OF GRANT

  Reference is specifically made to the provisions regarding amendment,
cancellation and termination of this Stock Award contained in Paragraph 9(e)
of the Program, and such provision is herein expressly incorporated by
reference.

7. ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON THIS GRANT

  As to any shares of stock not delivered (or as to which the date of delivery
as determined under Paragraph 3 hereof has not occurred) to you pursuant to
Paragraph 3 of this Stock Award, any and all of your rights shall cease and
terminate, and the Company shall be fully entitled, legally and beneficially,
to any of such shares not then delivered or deliverable, upon the happening of
any one of the following events specifying termination of such rights.  In
such event, the stock certificates representing any unearned or undelivered
shares so forfeited shall be transferred to the Company or its nominee, by it
or its agents, pursuant to your authorization granted the Company under
Paragraph 1(b) hereof.

  If your employment terminates for any reason (other than retirement, death
or disability), any shares which have not been earned out shall be forfeited
if you:

        (i)    COMPETITION

               shall be employed by a competitor of, or shall be engaged in
               any activity in competition with, the Company or a subsidiary
               without the Company's consent;

       (ii)    CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

               have divulged without the consent of the Company any secret or
               confidential information belonging to the Company or a
               subsidiary; or

      (iii)    have engaged in any other activities which would or which might
               constitute grounds for your discharge by the Company or a
               subsidiary for cause.

  The Company shall give you (or your designated beneficiary or legal
representatives) written notice of any such forfeiture.  The determination of
the Board as to the occurrence of any of the events specified in the foregoing
clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons
for all purposes.

8. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

  (a)  Your rights and interests under this Stock Award may not be assigned or
transferred except, in the case of your death, to your beneficiary or, in the
absence of such designation, by will or the laws of descent and distribution.

  (b)  No employee or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted
a stock award under the Program.  Neither the Program nor any action taken
thereunder, including this Stock Award, shall be construed as giving any
employee any rights to be retained in the employ of the Company or any
subsidiary thereof.

  (c)  Express reference is made to all of the terms and conditions of the
Program, and you, by your acceptance of this Stock Award acknowledge that you
have received a copy of such Program, that you have read the same and are
sufficiently familiar therewith to understand both your rights and your
obligations


                                       - 4 -
<PAGE>






thereunder, and you agree to accept and to be bound by all of the terms and
conditions of this Stock Award and such Program, including without limitation
the right of the Board to amend, cancel, suspend or terminate this Stock Award
in whole or in part, on behalf of yourself and your heirs and assigns.

                                      Stock Award Granted By

                                      ACME METALS INCORPORATED



                                      By
                                        ---------------------------------
                                        Brian W. H. Marsden
                                        Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


   AGREED AND ACCEPTED, including all terms and conditions of the Acme Metals
Incorporated 1986 Stock Incentive Program.




Date:                                 Signed:                    
     ----------------------------            ----------------------------


                                       - 5 -
<PAGE>





*  The term "Change in Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the
   following events:


  (a)   there shall be consummated any consolidation, merger or reorganization
        of Acme Metals Incorporated (the "Company") in which the Company is
        not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which the
        outstanding voting securities or other capital interests of the
        Company would be converted into cash, securities or other property,
        other than a consolidation, merger or reorganization of the Company in
        which the holders of the Company's outstanding voting securities or
        other capital interests immediately prior to such consolidation,
        merger or reorganization shall directly or indirectly, have
        seventy-five (75%) or more of the outstanding voting securities or
        other capital interests of the surviving, resulting or acquiring
        corporation or other legal entity;

  (b)   the Company sells, leases, exchanges or transfers (in one transaction
        or a series of related transactions) all or substantially all of its
        business and/or assets to any other corporation or other legal entity
        of which less than 75% of the outstanding voting securities or other
        capital interests of said corporation or other legal entity are owned
        in the aggregate by the shareholders of the Company, directly or
        indirectly, immediately prior to or after such sale;

  (c)   the shareholders of the Company shall approve any plan or proposal for
        the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;

  (d)   any person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) or
        Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange
        Act") other than the Company or a subsidiary or any employee benefit
        plan sponsored by the Company has become the beneficial owner (as the
        term "beneficial owner" is defined under Rule 13d-3 or any successor
        rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or
        indirectly, of 25% or more of the combined voting power of the
        Company's then outstanding voting securities ordinarily (and apart
        from rights accruing in special circumstances) having the right to
        vote in the election of directors, as a result of a tender or exchange
        offer, open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, or
        otherwise;

  (e)   at any time during any period of two consecutive years, individuals
        who at the beginning of any such period constitute the Directors of
        the Company cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority
        thereof unless the election, or the nomination for election by the
        Company's shareholders, of each new Director of the Company was
        approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of such Directors of the
        Company then still in office who were Directors of the Company at the
        beginning of any such two-year period; or

  (f)   such other event, or events, as shall be determined by the Board of
        Directors to be a Change in Control.
   

                                    - 6 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.35
<TEXT>

<PAGE>







                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.35
                              AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO THE
                             ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                          EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN

      ACME METALS INCORPORATED, a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, hereby amends the Acme Metals Incorporated
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (hereinafter referred to as the "Plan"),
originally effective January 1, 1989, by this Amendment No. 5, effective as of
April 1, 1993.

   Section 4.1 is changed to read as follows:

        4.1  FORMULA.  For each quarter the Company shall contribute to the
        Trust Fund an amount equal to three and one half percent (3-1/2%) of
        each Participant's Earnings (as such term is defined in Section 1.5)
        during such quarter on behalf of each Participant who is eligible as
        of the last day of the quarter and who was actively employed
        throughout such quarter.  The Company shall contribute to the Trust
        Fund a pro rata amount based on the period of employment during any
        quarter on behalf of the Participant whose eligibility continues to
        the end of the quarter in accordance with Section 3.5.  Contributions
        under this paragraph shall be considered to have been made under a
        money purchase pension plan.

              The Company shall be permitted to make such additional
        contributions as may be required under Section 6.4 to make principal
        and interest payments on exempt loans.  Such additional contributions
        shall be considered to have been made under a stock bonus plan within
        the meaning of Income Tax Regulations ACCENT'1.401-1(a) and (b) and
        shall be accounted for separately from contributions made under the
        preceding paragraph.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Acme Metals Incorporated has caused this Amendment
No. 5 to the Plan to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

                                      ACME METALS INCORPORATED



                                      By /S/ RICHARD J. STEFAN
                                         --------------------------------
                                           Richard J. Stefan
                                      Its  VICE PRESIDENT
                                          -------------------------------


ATTEST:


By /S/ ROBERTA A. GLAB
  --------------------------------
   Roberta A. Glab
Its  ASSISTANT SECRETARY
   -------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.38
<TEXT>

<PAGE>







                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.38
                           AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE
                  ACME METALS INCORPORATED SALARIED EMPLOYEES
                          PAST SERVICE PENSION PLAN


      The Acme Metals Incorporated Salaried Employees Past Service Pension
Plan hereby is amended effective as of August 1, 1992.

      Paragraph 3.2 is changed by adding a new subparagraph (e) to read as
follows:

            (e)   By letter dated August 3, 1992, the Company has offered
      early retirement to Eligible Employees.  Eligible Employees who accept
      the offer of early retirement on or before August 31, 1992 shall receive
      an Early Retirement Pension Supplement.  For purposes of this
      subparagraph, "Eligible Employee" means (a) an employee of the Company,
      (b) who is a Participant in the Plan, (c) who is not an officer or a
      sales or marketing employee, and (d) who as of December 31, 1992 would
      have at least 55 years of age and at least 15 years of Continuous
      Service, or would have years of age and years of Continuous Service
      which total at least 80.  For purposes of this subparagraph, "Early
      Retirement Pension Supplement" means an additional pension payment of
      $500.00 per month, starting in the fourth month after retirement and
      continuing for the longer of 12 months or the date of Eligibility for
      Public Pension, but in no event continuing beyond the life of the
      recipient.  Payments made pursuant to the Company's offer of early
      retirement are not Severance Allowances for purposes of paragraph 3.9(a)
      of the Plan.

      Executed this   9TH   day of August, 1992.
                    --------

                                    ACME METALS INCORPORATED



                                    By  /S/ RICHARD J. STEFAN
                                        ---------------------------

                                    Its  VICE PRESIDENT
                                        ---------------------------


ATTEST:

By  /S/ ROBERTA GLAB
    ---------------------------
      R. A. Glab

Its   ASSISTANT SECRETARY
    ----------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.39
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.39
<TEXT>

<PAGE>







                                                            Exhibit 10.39


                             PURCHASE AGREEMENT


March 11, 1994

Acme Metals Incorporated
13500 S. Perry Avenue
Riverdale, Illinois
U.S.A.  60627-1182

Attention:  Jerry F. Williams,
           VICE-PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION
- -----------------------------------------------------

Dear Sirs:

Nesbitt Thomson Inc. (the "Dealer") hereby agrees to purchase from Acme Metals
Incorporated (the "Company") and, by its acceptance hereof, the Company agrees
to create, issue and sell to the Dealer, all but not less than all of the
aggregate 5,600,000 special common stock purchase warrants (collectively, the
"Special Warrants") referred to herein, subject to the terms and conditions
set out below, at a price of $21.00 per Special Warrant.

Each Special Warrant shall entitle the holder thereof to acquire one share of
the common stock of the Company as constituted at the date hereof
(collectively, the "Common Shares"), upon the exercise of the  Special
Warrants in accordance with the terms of the Special Warrant Indenture
hereinafter referred to without payment of any further consideration to the
Company. A summary of the principal terms of the Special Warrants is attached
as Schedule A hereto.  The Company shall prepare and file, in accordance
herewith, (a) a Canadian preliminary prospectus and a Canadian (final)
prospectus in order to qualify the Common Shares issuable on the exercise of
the Special Warrants for distribution in each of the Qualifying Provinces (as
hereinafter defined) and (b) a Form S-3 shelf registration statement with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the Common Shares.  The
Company shall take all steps and proceedings necessary to ensure that the Form
S-3 shelf registration statement is continuously effective for a period ending
on the third anniversary of the Common Share Closing Date.  The proceeds of
issue of the Special Warrants will be paid to, held by and disbursed by
Montreal Trust Company of Canada, as Escrow Agent, in accordance with the
terms of the Escrow Agreement.

The Company understands that although this offer is presented on behalf of the
Dealer as purchaser, the Dealer will endeavour to arrange for substituted
purchasers for the Special Warrants.  It is further understood that, subject
to the terms hereof, the Dealer is committed to purchase all of the Special
Warrants with respect to which the Dealer is not


                                        1

<PAGE>




                                      - 2 -

able to arrange substituted purchasers.  The Dealer's commitment to purchase
Special Warrants will be reduced by the number of Special Warrants purchased
by substituted purchasers with respect to which subscription agreements are
delivered to the Company by the Dealer prior to the Special Warrant Closing
Date.

In consideration of the services to be rendered by the Dealer in connection
with such purchase, the Company shall pay to the Dealer an underwriters' fee
equal to 4.5% of the gross proceeds realized by the Company in respect of the
sale of the Special Warrants.


                                 DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, in addition to the terms defined above, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

      (a)   "AGREEMENT" means the agreement resulting from the acceptance by
      the Company of the offer made by the Dealer by this letter;

      (b)   "AGREEMENTS" has the meaning ascribed thereto in paragraph
      10(g)(i);

      (c)   "BUSINESS DAY" means a day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or
      a statutory or civic holiday in the City of Toronto, Canada;

      (d)   "CANADIAN FINAL PROSPECTUS" has the meaning ascribed thereto in
      subsection 2(b);

      (e)   "CANADIAN PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS" has the meaning ascribed
      thereto in subsection 2(a);

      (f)   "CANADIAN PROSPECTUS" means collectively the Canadian
      Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final Prospectus;

      (g)   "CANADIAN SECURITIES LAWS" means all applicable securities laws
      in each of the Qualifying Provinces and the respective regulations made
      thereunder, together with applicable published policy statements and
      orders of the securities regulatory authorities in such provinces and
      shall include the notice of the Ontario Securities Commission published
      June 2, 1989 respecting the use of "special warrants" in connection with
      distributions of securities by prospectus;

      (h)   "COMMON SHARE CLOSING" means the completion of all steps
      necessary (i) to qualify the Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of
      the Special Warrants for distribution or distribution to the public
      under applicable Canadian Securities Laws in the Qualifying Provinces as
      contemplated herein and (ii) to register the Common Shares issuable upon
      exercise of the Special Warrants pursuant to an effective Form S-3.



<PAGE>




                                      - 3 -

       (i)  "COMMON SHARE CLOSING DATE" means the date which is three
      Business Days following the date that the Form S-3 is declared effective
      by the SEC or such other date as the Company and the Dealer may agree
      upon in writing but in any event not later than the Termination Date;

      (j)   "COMMON SHARE CLOSING TIME" means 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on
      the Common Share Closing Date or such other time on the Common Share
      Closing Date as the Company and the Dealer may agree;

      (k)   "ESCROW AGENT" means the escrow agent under the Escrow
      Agreement;

      (i)   "ESCROW AGREEMENT" means the Escrow Agreement to be dated as of
      the Special Warrant Closing Date among the Company, the Escrow Agent,
      and the Dealer;

      (l)   "ESCROW CONDITIONS" means the conditions specified in Section
      11;

      (i)   "FORM S-3" means the Form S-3 shelf registration relating to the
      Common Shares including the exhibits thereto and the documents
      incorporated by reference therein.

      (m)   "HOLDERS" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Registration
      Rights Agreement;

      (n)   "MISREPRESENTATION", "MATERIAL FACT", "MATERIAL CHANGE" and
      "DISTRIBUTION" have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in (i)
      the Securities Act (Ontario) with respect to the Canadian Preliminary
      Prospectus and the Canadian Final Prospectus and (ii) the U.S.
      Securities Laws with respect to the Private Placement Materials, the
      Form S-3 and the U.S. Prospectus, except as otherwise expressly provided
      herein;

      (o)   "NASDAQ" means the National Market System of the Nasdaq Stock
      Market;

      (p)   "PRIVATE PLACEMENT MATERIALS" means the Company's Annual Report
      on Form 10-K for the year ending December 26, 1993;

      (q)   'PROJECT INVESTORS" has the meaning ascribed thereto in
      subsection 5(a)(vi);

      (r)   "PURCHASERS" means the Dealer and the persons who as purchasers
      acquire Special Warrants either from the Dealer, or directly from the
      Company, by executing Subscription Agreements and permitted assignees or
      transferees of such persons from time to time;



<PAGE>




                                      - 4 -

       (s)  "QUALIFYING PROVINCES" means those provinces of Canada where the
      Purchasers reside as indicated in the Subscription Agreements;

      (t)   "RECORD DATE" has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 13;

      (u)   "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the registration rights
      agreement dated the Special Warrant Closing Date among the Company and
      the Purchasers, providing for the registration rights of the Holders
      pursuant to the Form S-3;

      (v)   "REGULATION S" means Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act;

      (w)   "RETRACTION PERIOD" means the period commencing immediately
      following 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Termination Date and ending at
      5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the date which is twenty days following the
      Termination Date;

      (x)   "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange
      Commission;

      (y)   "SPECIAL WARRANT CLOSING" means the completion of the issue and
      sale by the Company of the Special Warrants and the purchase by the
      Purchasers of the Special Warrants pursuant to this Agreement;

      (z)   "SPECIAL WARRANT CLOSING DATE" means March 28, 1994 or such
      other date as the Company and the Dealer may agree upon in writing;

      (aa)  "SPECIAL WARRANT CLOSING TIME" means 10:00 a.m. (Toronto time)
      on the Special Warrant Closing Date or such other time on the Special
      Warrant Closing Date as the Company and the Dealer may agree;

      (ab)  "SPECIAL WARRANT INDENTURE" means a warrant indenture to be
      dated as of the Special Warrant Closing Date between the Company and the
      Warrant Agent providing for the issue of the Special Warrants in the
      form agreed upon by the Company, the Dealer and the Warrant Agent;

      (ac)  "SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT" means a subscription agreement in the
      form agreed upon by the Dealer and the Company pursuant to which
      Purchasers agree to subscribe for and purchase the Special Warrants
      herein contemplated;

      (ad)  "SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL" has the meaning ascribed thereto in
      subsection 4(c);

      (ae)  "TERMINATION DATE" means August 25, 1994 or such later date
      determined in accordance with Section 13 hereof;



<PAGE>




                                      - 5 -

       (af) "U.S. EXCHANGE ACT" means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder;

      (ag)  "U.S. PERSON" has the meaning ascribed thereto in Rule 902(a) of
      Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act;

      (ah)  "U.S. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS" means the preliminary shelf
      prospectus included in the original filing of the Form S-3;

      (ai) "U.S. PROSPECTUS" means the shelf prospectus included in the Form
      S-3 at the time that the Form S-3 becomes effective;

      (aj)  "U.S. SECURITIES ACT" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
      amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder;

      (ak)  "U.S. SECURITIES LAWS" means the U.S. Securities Act and the
      U.S. Exchange Act;

      (al)  "UNITED STATES" means the United States of America, its
      territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the
      District of Columbia; and

      (am)  "WARRANT AGENT" means the warrant agent under the Special
      Warrant Indenture.


                            TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.    (a)   SALE ON EXEMPT BASIS.  The Dealer shall offer for sale and sell
the Special Warrants:

      (i)   in the Qualifying Provinces in compliance with all applicable
      Canadian Securities Laws; and

      (ii)  only to such purchasers and in such manner so that, pursuant to
      the provisions of applicable Canadian Securities Laws, no prospectus or
      offering memorandum need be filed or delivered in connection therewith.

            The Dealer will notify the Company with respect to the identity of
any Purchasers (other than the Dealer) as soon as practicable and with a view
to leaving time sufficient to allow the Company to secure compliance with all
Canadian Securities Laws relating to the issue and sale of the Special
Warrants to such Purchasers.

            The Dealer covenants with the Company that it will (i) obtain from
each Purchaser an executed Subscription Agreement; (ii) upon the Company
obtaining the


<PAGE>




                                      - 6 -

necessary receipts therefor from the appropriate securities regulatory
authority in each of the Qualifying Provinces, deliver one copy of the
Canadian Final Prospectus (with any amendments thereto) to persons who acquire
the Common Shares;  (iii) provide the Company with all necessary particulars
of the Purchasers prior to the Special Warrant Closing Date; and (iv) arrange
for a sufficient number of Purchasers such that, to the best of the knowledge
of the Dealer (after reasonable inquiry), no one Purchaser and its affiliates
(as defined below) will, after giving effect to the exercise of all Special
Warrants, in the aggregate (A) own, beneficially own, or otherwise have an
economic interest in, or (B) have voting or discretionary trading authority
with respect to, more than 1,095,000 shares of common stock of the Company.
For the purpose of this paragraph, "affiliates" means any person controlling,
controlled by or under common control with the Purchaser and any person with
which the Purchaser has an agreement or is otherwise acting in concert with
respect to the acquisition, disposition or voting of the Common Shares.

      (b)   CANADIAN FILINGS.  The Company undertakes to file or cause to be
filed all forms or undertakings required to be filed by the Company in
connection with the purchase and sale of the Special Warrants so that the
distribution of the Special Warrants to the Purchasers may lawfully occur
without the necessity of filing a prospectus or an offering memorandum in the
Qualifying Provinces.

      (c)   NO OFFERING MEMORANDUM.  Neither the Company nor the Dealer
shall (i) provide to prospective purchasers any document or other material
that would constitute an offering memorandum within the meaning of the
Canadian Securities Laws; or (ii) cause the sale of the Special Warrants to be
advertised in printed media of general and regular paid circulation, radio or
television.

2.    (a)   CANADIAN PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS.  The Company shall, as soon as
possible under applicable Canadian Securities Laws of each of the Qualifying
Provinces, have prepared, and filed (and received a receipt for) a Canadian
preliminary prospectus (the "Canadian Preliminary Prospectus") in the English
and French languages, as applicable, and other related documents relating to
the proposed distribution of the Common Shares issuable on the exercise  of
the Special Warrants.

      (b)   CANADIAN FINAL PROSPECTUS.  The Company shall, as soon as
possible after all comments have been satisfied with respect to the Canadian
Preliminary Prospectus, have prepared and filed (and received a receipt for)
under applicable Canadian Securities Laws, a Canadian (final) prospectus (the
"Canadian Final Prospectus") in the English and French languages, as
applicable, and shall have fulfilled and complied with, to the satisfaction of
the Dealer's counsel, acting reasonably, all applicable Canadian Securities
Laws to be fulfilled or complied with by the Company to enable the Common
Shares to be lawfully distributed to the public in the Qualifying Provinces in
connection with the exercise of the Special Warrants through the Dealer or any
other investment dealer, broker or other applicable registrant registered as
such in the Qualifying Provinces in compliance with Canadian Securities Laws.
The Company shall use its best efforts to ensure that such requirements
(including the issuance of a receipt by the applicable securities regulatory


<PAGE>




                                      - 7 -

authorities) shall be fulfilled not later than 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the
Termination Date in respect of each of the Qualifying Provinces.

      (c)   FORM S-3.  The Company shall, as soon as possible after the
Special Warrant Closing Date, file the Form S-3 containing a U.S. Preliminary
Prospectus which excludes the names of the Holders.  The Company will use its
best efforts to satisfy all SEC comments, if any, relating to the Form S-3 as
soon as possible after the filing thereof.  At the earliest possible moment
following the time at which the Company has obtained a receipt for the
Canadian Final Prospectus in each of the Qualifying Provinces, the Company
will file with the SEC an amendment to the Form S-3 (the "Amendment")
containing the U.S. Prospectus which includes the names of the Holders.  The
Company will use its best efforts to accelerate the effectiveness date of the
Form S-3 so that the Form S-3 is effective at the earliest possible moment
after the filing of the Amendment with the SEC.

3.    RETRACTION RIGHT.  The Company recognizes that it is fundamental to
Purchasers of the Special Warrants that the distribution of Common Shares be
qualified under a prospectus in the Qualifying Provinces so that the Common
Shares will be freely tradeable in such provinces without the necessity of the
holder thereof filing a prospectus or effecting the trade in a manner which
falls within one of the various prospectus exemptions under applicable
Canadian Securities Laws (unless such trade is a "distribution" by virtue of
subparagraph (c) of the definition thereof set forth in the Securities Act
(Ontario) and analogous provisions of the other Canadian Securities Laws).
The Company also recognizes that it is fundamental to the Purchasers of the
Special Warrants that the Common Shares be registered pursuant to the Form S-3
so that the Holders will be able to resell the Common Shares within the United
States by delivering a U.S. Prospectus to subsequent purchasers at the time of
resale.  The Company acknowledges that it is for this reason that it has
agreed (i) that the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final
Prospectus are to be filed with all relevant securities regulatory authorities
in the Qualifying Provinces and receipts are to be obtained therefor within
the time periods contemplated by this Agreement (ii) that the Form S-3 and all
amendments thereto are to be filed with the SEC and the Form S-3 shall be
declared effective within the time periods contemplated by this Agreement and
(iii) to meet the Escrow Conditions.  Accordingly, in the event that the
Escrow Conditions are not satisfied prior to the Termination Date each
Purchaser may elect either (i) to cause the Company to repurchase at any time
during the Retraction Period the Special Warrants that have not previously
been exercised at a price per Special Warrant equal to $21.00 together with
all interest earned on the proceeds from the sale of the Special Warrants so
retracted which are held in escrow under the Escrow Agreement from the Special
Warrant Closing Date to and including the date that such purchaser exercised
his right of retraction or (ii) to acquire the Common Shares pursuant to the
terms of the Special Warrant Indenture.  In the event that the Escrow
Conditions have not been satisfied and a Purchaser has not made an election
during the Retraction Period, the Special Warrants in respect of which no
election has been made will promptly be retracted by the Company at a price
per Special Warrant equal to $21.00 together with all interest earned on the
proceeds from the sale of the Special Warrants so retracted which


<PAGE>




                                      - 8 -

are held in escrow under the Escrow Agreement from the Special Warrant Closing
Date to and including the date such Special Warrants are retracted.

4.    (a)   DELIVERIES AT TIME OF FILING CANADIAN DOCUMENTS.  The Company
shall deliver to the Dealer contemporaneously with or prior to the filing of
the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus or the Canadian Final Prospectus, as the
case may be, with the Ontario Securities Commission or with the applicable
securities regulatory authority in each of the Qualifying Provinces:

      (i)   a signed copy of the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus or the
      Canadian Final Prospectus, as the case may be;

      (ii)  signed copies of any other document required to be filed by the
      Company under the laws of each of the Qualifying Provinces in compliance
      with Canadian Securities Laws applicable therein; and

      (iii) with respect to the filing of the Canadian Final Prospectus, a
      comfort letter of the auditors of the Company, addressed to the
      directors of the Company and the Dealer in form and substance
      satisfactory to the Dealer, relating to the verification of the
      financial information and accounting data contained in the Canadian
      Final Prospectus, which letter shall be in addition to any auditor's
      report contained in the Canadian Final Prospectus and the auditor's
      comfort letter addressed to the securities regulatory authorities in the
      Qualifying Provinces and which shall be based on a review by the
      auditors to a date not more than two Business Days prior to the date of
      the Canadian Final Prospectus.

      (b)   DELIVERIES AT THE TIME OF FILING U.S. DOCUMENTS.  The Company
shall deliver to the Dealer as many signed copies of the Form S-3, and all
amendments thereto, whether filed before or after the Form S-3 becomes
effective, copies of all exhibits and documents filed therewith and signed
copies of all consents and certificates of experts, as the Dealer may
reasonably request.

      (c)   CANADIAN SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL.  The Company shall also prepare
and deliver promptly to the Dealer duly signed copies of all supplementary
prospectuses or supplemental statements or other documents required to be
filed by the Company in connection with the qualification of the Common Shares
under the laws of any Qualifying Province or by Canadian Securities Laws and
of any amendment to the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus or the Canadian Final
Prospectus or other document required to be filed under Section 6
(collectively, the "Supplementary Material").  The Canadian Prospectus and the
Supplementary Material shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the
Dealer, acting reasonably.

      (d)   REPRESENTATION AS TO CANADIAN PROSPECTUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
MATERIAL.  Delivery of the Canadian Prospectus and any Supplementary Material
shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Company to the Dealer
that all information and


<PAGE>




                                      - 9 -

statements (except information and statements relating solely to or provided
solely by the Dealer) contained in the Canadian Prospectus and Supplementary
Material, as the case may be, are true and correct in all material respects at
the time of delivery thereof and contain no misrepresentation and constitute
full, true and plain disclosure of all material facts relating to the Company
and the Common Shares and that no material fact has been omitted therefrom
(except facts or information relating solely to or provided by the Dealer)
which is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements
or information contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
under which they were made.  Such delivery shall also constitute the Company's
consent to the Dealer's use of the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus, the
Canadian Final Prospectus, any Supplementary Material and any other public
documents supplied to the Dealer by the Company in connection with the
distribution of the Common Shares in the Qualifying Provinces in compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement and applicable Canadian Securities Laws.

      (e)   COPIES OF CANADIAN PROSPECTUS.  The Company shall cause copies
of the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final Prospectus in
the English and French languages to be delivered to the Dealer without charge,
in such numbers and in such cities in the Qualifying Provinces as the Dealer
may reasonably request by oral instructions to the Company.  Such delivery
shall be effected as soon as possible and, in any event, with respect to the
Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final Prospectus, on or
before a date two Business Days after the receipt is issued therefor by the
last of the securities regulatory authorities in the Qualifying Provinces.
The Company shall similarly cause to be delivered copies of the Supplementary
Material.

5.          COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

      (a)   The Company hereby covenants to the Dealer and to the Purchasers
that:

      (i)   the Company will use its best efforts at all times from the date
            hereof to the third anniversary of the Common Share Closing Date
            to remain a reporting issuer under the U.S. Exchange Act and to
            file on a timely basis all periodic reports, proxy or information
            statements and all other reports and information required to be
            filed under the U.S. Securities Laws and the rules and regulations
            thereunder;

      (ii)  the Company shall take all steps necessary to authorize the
            execution and delivery of the Escrow Agreement and the Special
            Warrant Indenture and shall use its reasonable best efforts to
            ensure that the Common Shares are or will be listed and posted for
            trading on The Toronto Stock Exchange and Nasdaq at the Common
            Share Closing Time;

      (iii) the Company shall at all times prior to the filing of the Canadian
            Final Prospectus in each of the Qualifying Provinces allow the
            Dealer and its representatives to conduct all due diligence which
            the Dealer may reasonably


<PAGE>




                                     - 10 -

            require to be conducted in order to fulfil its obligations as an
            underwriter under Canadian Securities Laws and in order to enable
            the Dealer responsibly to execute any certificate required to be
            executed by the Dealer in connection with a prospectus, and it
            shall be a condition precedent to the Dealer's execution of any
            certificate in any prospectus that it be satisfied, acting
            reasonably, as to the form and content of each prospectus;

      (iv)  as long as any Special Warrants are outstanding the Company shall
            comply with section 57 of the Securities Act (Ontario) and with
            the comparable provisions of the other Canadian Securities Laws;

      (v)   the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to fulfil, at or
            prior to the Special Warrant Closing Date, each of the conditions
            set out in Section 10;

      (vi)  the Company shall not, without the written consent of the Dealer,
            such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, have issued or sold
            any Common Shares or any securities convertible thereinto or
            exchangeable therefor from the date hereof until the date which is
            ninety days following the date upon which the Company has received
            a receipt from the securities regulatory authorities in each of
            the Qualifying Provinces, nor shall the Company publicly announce
            prior to such date any intention to do so thereafter, except for
            (i) the issuance of any Common Shares upon exercise of Special
            Warrants, (ii) the grant of any rights or options under the Acme
            Metals Incorporated Employee Stock Ownership Plan, the Acme Metals
            Incorporated 1986 Stock Incentive Program or the Acme Metals
            Incorporated 1994 Stock Incentive Program, (iii) the issue of any
            Common Shares pursuant to the exercise of any such rights or
            options under the Acme Metals Incorporated Employee Stock
            Ownership Plan, the Acme Metals Incorporated 1986 Stock Incentive
            Program or the Acme Metals Incorporated 1994 Stock Incentive
            Program and (iv)  the issue of up to $40 million of Common Shares,
            or securities convertible thereinto or exchangeable therefor, on a
            private placement basis to contractors, equipment suppliers or
            other suppliers of raw materials ("Project Investors") for use in
            connection with the construction of a continuous thin slab
            caster/hot strip mill provided that (A) no such securities are
            issued at a price of less than $21.00,  (B) the dividend of any
            preferred share must not exceed 7% per annum, and (C)  the Project
            Investors agree not to resell any such securities prior to
            November 7, 1994;

      (vii) the Company will not issue any news release in the United States
            with respect to the placement of Special Warrants in Canada until
            40 days after the Special Warrant Closing;

      (viii)the Company will not issue any news release in the United States
            with respect to the Common Shares; provided that such a news
            release may be


<PAGE>




                                     - 11 -

            issued pursuant to Rule 134 under the U.S. Securities Act, in a
            form reasonably acceptable to the Dealer, on and after the date on
            which the Form S-3 is filed with the SEC; and

      (ix)  if at any time before the Special Warrant Closing any event shall
            occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary, in
            the opinion of counsel for the Dealer or counsel to the Company,
            to amend or supplement the Private Placement Materials in order
            that the Private Placement Materials will not include an untrue
            statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
            necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading
            in the light of the circumstances existing at the time the Private
            Placement Materials are delivered to a Purchaser, the Company will
            prepare and furnish to each Purchaser such amendment or supplement
            to the Private Placement Materials as may be necessary to correct
            such untrue statement or omission.

      (b)   TRANSLATION OPINIONS.  The Company shall, immediately following
the filing of the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final
Prospectus, deliver to the Dealer (i) an opinion of its Quebec counsel,
addressed to the Dealer, the Company and the directors of the Company, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Dealer's counsel, acting reasonably, to the
effect that the French language version of the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus
and the Canadian Final Prospectus, except for the financial information and
accounting data included therein, as to which no opinion need be expressed, is
in all material respects a reasonable translation of the English language
version thereof, and that such English and French language versions are not
susceptible of any materially different interpretation with respect to any
material matter contained therein; and (ii) an opinion of the auditors of the
Company, addressed to the Dealer, the Company and the directors of the
Company, to the effect that the French language version of the financial
information contained in the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian
Final Prospectus is, in all material respects, a complete and proper
translation of the English language version thereof.

      (c)   CONDITION TO DEALER'S CERTIFICATION.  The obligation of the
Dealer to execute any certificate or deliver any documents pertaining to the
Canadian Preliminary Prospectus and the Canadian Final Prospectus shall be
conditional upon compliance by the Company to the date of such execution and
delivery with each of its covenants contained in subsection 4(a) and this
Section 5 to be complied with prior to such execution and delivery.

6.    (a)   MATERIAL CHANGES DURING CANADIAN DISTRIBUTION.  During the
period from the date hereof to the Common Share Closing Date, the Company
shall promptly notify the Dealer in writing of:

      (i)   any material change (actual, anticipated, contemplated or
      threatened, whether financial or otherwise) in the business, affairs,
      operations, assets, liabilities


<PAGE>




                                     - 12 -

      (contingent or otherwise) or capital of the Company and its subsidiaries
      except for the issuance of the Common Shares upon the exercise of
      Special Warrants; or

      (ii)  the existence of a previously undisclosed material fact or any
      change in any material fact contained in the Canadian Preliminary
      Prospectus, the Canadian Final Prospectus or any Supplementary Material,
      which fact or change is or may be of such a nature as to render any
      statement in the Canadian Preliminary Prospectus, the Canadian Final
      Prospectus or Supplementary Material misleading or untrue or result in a
      misrepresentation or which would result in the Company and/or the
      Canadian Preliminary Prospectus, the Canadian Final Prospectus or such
      Supplementary Material not complying (to the extent that such compliance
      is required) with any Canadian Securities Laws.

The Company shall promptly, and in any event, within any applicable time
limitation, comply with all applicable filing and other requirements under
Canadian Securities Laws as a result of such change; provided that the Company
shall not file any Supplementary Material or other document without first
obtaining from the Dealer the approval of the Dealer, after consultation with
the Dealer with respect to the form and content thereof, which approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld.  The Company shall in good faith discuss with
the Dealer any fact or change in circumstances (actual, anticipated,
contemplated or threatened, and financial or otherwise) which is of such a
nature that there is reasonable doubt as to whether notice in writing need be
given to the Dealer pursuant to this Section 6.

      (b)   CHANGE IN CANADIAN SECURITIES LAWS.  If during the period of
distribution to the public of the Common Shares, there shall be any change in
Canadian Securities Laws which in the opinion of counsel to the Company or of
counsel to the Dealer requires the filing of Supplementary Material, the
Company shall, to the satisfaction of its counsel and the Dealer's counsel,
promptly prepare and file such Supplementary Material with the appropriate
securities regulatory authority in each of the Qualifying Provinces where such
filing is required.

7.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The Company represents and warrants
to the Purchasers, and acknowledges that each of them is relying upon such
representations and warranties in purchasing Special Warrants, that:

      (a)   at the time the Private Placement Materials are delivered to the
            Purchasers and at all times subsequent thereto up to and including
            the Special Warrant Closing Time, none of the Private Placement
            Materials nor any amendment or supplement thereto will include an
            untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
            fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
            of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;



<PAGE>




                                     - 13 -

      (b)   each of the Company and its subsidiaries has been duly
            incorporated and organized and is validly existing and in good
            standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, has
            all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its
            business as now conducted and to own, lease and operate its
            properties and assets and each of the Company and its subsidiaries
            is duly qualified to transact business as a foreign corporation
            and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which it carries
            on business except where the failure to be so qualified would not
            have a material adverse effect on the Company, and the Company has
            all requisite corporate power and authority to carry out its
            obligations under the Agreements;

      (c)   no consent, approval, permit, authorization, order or filing of
            any court or governmental agency or body of the United States
            (federal, state or local), Canada or any Qualifying Province is
            required by the Company for the execution and delivery of and the
            performance by the Company of its obligations under the
            Agreements, including the valid authorization, issuance, sale and
            delivery of the Special Warrants, except as may be required under
            the Canadian Securities Laws, the U.S. Securities Act, the U.S.
            state securities or blue sky laws or the by-laws, rules and
            regulations of The Toronto Stock Exchange or Nasdaq;

      (d)   none of the execution and delivery of the Agreements, the
            performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder, the sale
            of the Special Warrants hereunder or the issuance of the Common
            Shares will conflict with or result in a breach of (i) any
            statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company including,
            without limitation, the Canadian Securities Laws, the U.S.
            Securities Laws and the by-laws, rules and regulations of The
            Toronto Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, provided that any consent,
            approval, permit, authorization, order or filing required under
            the Canadian Securities Laws, the U.S. Securities Laws or the
            by-laws, rules and regulations of The Toronto Stock Exchange or
            Nasdaq have been obtained by the Special Warrant Closing Date or
            the Common Share Closing Date, as the case may be; (ii) the
            charter, by-laws or resolutions of the Company which are in effect
            at the date hereof; (iii) any mortgage, note, indenture, contract,
            agreement, instrument, lease or other document to which the
            Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is
            bound; or (iv) any judgment, decree or order binding the Company
            or any of its subsidiaries or the property or assets of the
            Company or any of its subsidiaries;

      (e)   at the date hereof, the Company is in compliance with its timely
            disclosure obligations under U.S. Securities Laws and, without
            limiting the generality of the foregoing, there has not occurred
            any material adverse change, financial or otherwise, in the
            assets, liabilities (contingent or otherwise), business, financial
            condition, capital or prospects of the Company and its
            subsidiaries,


<PAGE>




                                     - 14 -

            taken as a whole, since September 30, 1993 which has not been
            publicly disclosed;

      (f)   the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for
            the period ending December 26, 1993 have been prepared in
            accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
            United States and present fully, fairly and correctly the
            consolidated assets, liabilities and financial condition of the
            Company as at December 26, 1993 and the consolidated results of
            its operations and the changes in its financial position for the
            period then ended;

      (g)   this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
            the Company and is legally binding upon the Company and is
            enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
            insolvency and other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
            rights generally and the availability of equitable remedies and
            the qualification that the enforceability of rights of indemnity
            and contribution may be limited by applicable law;

      (h)   at the Special Warrant Closing Time, each of the Escrow Agreement,
            the Registration Rights Agreement, the Special Warrant Indenture
            and the Special Warrants shall have been duly authorized, executed
            and delivered by the Company and shall be legally binding upon the
            Company and shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms,
            subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws affecting the
            enforcement of creditors' rights generally and the availability of
            equitable remedies;

      (i)   at the Special Warrant Closing Time, all necessary corporate
            action will have been taken by the Company to allot and authorize
            the issuance of the Common Shares which are issuable upon the due
            exercise of the Special Warrants, and upon due exercise of the
            Special Warrants, the Common Shares will be validly issued, fully
            paid and non-assessable; and

      (j)   at the date hereof, at the Special Warrant Closing Date and the
            Common Share Closing Date, all of the outstanding shares of
            capital stock of the Company have been and will be duly authorized
            and validly issued and are and will be fully paid and
            non-assessable; no holder thereof is or will be subject to
            personal liability by reason of being such a holder; and none of
            the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company was or will
            be issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any stockholder
            of the Company .

8.    (a)   SPECIAL WARRANT CLOSING DELIVERIES.  The purchase and sale of
the Special Warrants shall be completed at the Special Warrant Closing Time at
the offices of Gowling, Strathy & Henderson, Suite 4900, Commerce Court West,
Toronto, or at such other place as the Dealer and the Company may agree upon.
At or prior to the Special Warrant Closing Time, the Company shall duly and
validly deliver to the Dealer on behalf of the Purchasers certificates in
definitive form representing  Special Warrants registered in


<PAGE>




                                     - 15 -

such names as the Dealer shall have directed not later than two Business Days
prior to the Special Warrant Closing Date, against payment at the direction of
the Company to the Escrow Agent in trust of the aggregate subscription price
therefor in lawful money of the United States by certified cheque or banker's
draft payable at par in the City of Toronto, or by wire transfer to such
account as the Escrow Agent shall have notified the Dealer prior to the
Special Warrant Closing Date.  The Company shall contemporaneously pay to the
Dealer the underwriters' fee in respect of the  Special Warrants by certified
cheque or banker's draft payable in the City of Toronto or by wire transfer to
such account as the Dealer shall have notified the Company prior to the
Special Warrant Closing Date, against delivery of a receipt therefor.

      (b)   PAYMENT OF WARRANT AGENT'S FEES.  The Company shall pay all fees
and expenses payable to the Warrant Agent in connection with the preparation,
delivery, and certification of the Special Warrants contemplated by subsection
8(a).

9.    RELEASE OF ESCROW FUNDS TO THE COMPANY.  The parties acknowledge and
agree that, subject to the Escrow Conditions, all funds held by the Escrow
Agent in escrow pursuant to the Escrow Agreement shall be released by the
Escrow Agent to the Company immediately following the Common Share Closing
Time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement.

10.   SPECIAL WARRANT CLOSING CONDITIONS.  The Dealer's, and each
Purchaser's, obligation to purchase the Special Warrants at the Special
Warrant Closing Time shall be  conditional upon the fulfilment at or before
the Special Warrant Closing Time of the following conditions:

      (a)   the Dealer shall have received a certificate, dated as of the
            Special Warrant Closing Date, signed by the Chief Executive
            Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying
            for and on behalf of the Company, to the best of the knowledge,
            information and belief of the persons so signing, after having
            made due enquiry, that (i) no order ceasing or suspending trading
            in securities of the Company or prohibiting the sale of the
            Special Warrants or the issuance of the Common Shares has been
            issued and no proceedings for such purpose are pending or
            threatened; (ii) since December 26, 1993, there has not been any
            material adverse change in the affairs of the Company or its
            subsidiaries, financial or otherwise, which requires disclosure
            under the timely disclosure provisions of the U.S. Securities
            Laws, except as has been publicly disclosed and no such disclosure
            has been made on a confidential basis; (iii) except as disclosed
            in the  financial statements for the year ended December 26, 1993,
            the Company and its subsidiaries do not have any contingent
            liabilities out of the ordinary course of business which are
            material to the Company or its subsidiaries; (iv) there are no
            actions, suits, proceedings or inquiries pending or threatened in
            writing by a responsible party against or affecting the Company or
            any of its subsidiaries at law or in equity or before or by any
            federal, provincial, state, municipal or other


<PAGE>




                                     - 16 -

            governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or
            instrumentality in Canada or elsewhere, which could reasonably be
            expected to materially and adversely affect the financial
            condition or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries taken
            as a whole; (v) there is no order or investigation of or by any
            court or regulatory authority in any manner questioning the
            validity of any material licences, permits, consents, approvals or
            other operating authorities of the Company or its subsidiaries and
            which are necessary for the Company or its subsidiaries to carry
            on its business as currently conducted; (vi) no default exists or
            will exist as a result of the issuance of the Special Warrants or
            the Common Shares under any instrument or agreement securing or
            otherwise relating to indebtedness for borrowed money (including
            indebtedness under title retention agreements) of or guaranteed by
            the Company or its subsidiaries and each of the Company and its
            subsidiaries has performed each of the covenants on its part to be
            performed under any such instrument or agreement, the
            non-performance of which could reasonably be expected to have a
            material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries; (vii)
            the representations and warranties of the Company set out in
            Section 7 are true and correct as of the date of the Special
            Warrant Closing Date with the same effect as though such
            representations and warranties had been made on and as of such
            date; and (viii)the Company has complied with all the terms,
            covenants and conditions of this Agreement on the Company's part
            to be complied with up to the time of the Special Warrant Closing
            Date;

      (b)   the Dealer shall have received certificates dated the Special
            Warrant Closing Date, signed by appropriate officers of the
            Company, with respect to the articles and by-laws of the Company,
            the resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors relevant to
            the creation, allotment, issue and sale of the Special Warrants
            and the Common Shares, the incumbency and signature of signing
            officers and the appointment of Montreal Trust Company of Canada
            as the Warrant Agent under the Special Warrant Indenture;

      (c)   the Registration Rights Agreement shall have been executed and
            delivered by the Company and the Purchasers (or their
            attorney-in-fact), in form and substance satisfactory to the
            Dealer and their counsel, acting reasonably;

      (d)   the Special Warrant Indenture shall have been executed and
            delivered by the Company and Montreal Trust Company of Canada as
            Warrant Agent for the holders of the Special Warrants in form and
            substance satisfactory to the Dealer and its counsel, acting
            reasonably;

      (e)   the Company shall have permitted the Dealer to conduct all due
            diligence investigations which the Dealer may reasonably require
            to be conducted and the Dealer shall be satisfied with the results
            of such due diligence;



<PAGE>




                                     - 17 -

       (f)  the Escrow Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by the
            Company and Montreal Trust Company of Canada as Escrow Agent in
            form and substance satisfactory to the Dealer and its counsel,
            acting reasonably;

      (g)   the Dealer shall have received an opinion from U.S. counsel to the
            Company addressed to it and in form and substance satisfactory to
            it and its counsel substantially to the effect that:

            (i)   each of the Company and its subsidiaries has been duly
                  incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is
                  in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
                  incorporation and has the corporate power and capacity to
                  carry on its business as now conducted and the Company has
                  the corporate power and capacity to perform its obligations
                  under this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Special
                  Warrant Indenture and the Registration Rights Agreement
                  (collectively, the "Agreements");

            (ii)  none of the execution and delivery of the Agreements, the
                  performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder,
                  the sale or issuance of any Special Warrants thereunder or
                  the issuance of the Common Shares will conflict with or
                  result in any breach of or invoke the operation of any
                  adjustment or anti-dilution provision in the constating
                  documents or by-laws of the Company;

            (iii) each of the Agreements has been duly authorized, executed
                  and delivered by the Company, and constitutes a valid and
                  legally binding agreement of the Company enforceable against
                  it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
                  bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, reorganization,
                  reconstruction and other laws affecting creditors' rights
                  generally and to general principles of equity, and the
                  qualification that the enforceability of rights of indemnity
                  and contribution may be limited by applicable law;

            (iv)  the authorized capital of the Company consists of 20,000,000
                  shares of common stock, par value $1.00, and 2,000,000
                  shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00;

            (v)   the Common Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for
                  issuance to the holders of the Special Warrants and, upon
                  the exercise thereof in accordance with the provisions of
                  the Special Warrant Indenture, such Common Shares will be
                  validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable;

            (vi)  the Special Warrants (i) have been validly created and
                  issued by the Company; (ii) have been duly executed and
                  delivered by the


<PAGE>




                                     - 18 -

                  Company; and (iii) are valid, legal and binding obligations
                  of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms
                  subject to qualifications as in paragraph (iii) above;

            (vii) the payment of the underwriting fee by the Company to the
                  Dealer is not subject to U.S. federal, state or local income
                  taxes or federal withholding taxes;

            (viii)there is no stamp, registration or similar tax, fee, duty,
                  levy or other governmental charge under the laws of the
                  United States or the State of Delaware in connection with
                  the execution and delivery of the Agreements or the issuance
                  and sale of the Special Warrants in the manner contemplated
                  by the Agreements;

            (ix)  no registration of the Special Warrants under the U.S.
                  Securities Act is required for the offer, sale and delivery
                  of the Special Warrants to the Purchasers;

            and in providing such opinion, counsel may, where appropriate,
            rely on the opinions of counsel regarding the laws of
            jurisdictions other than the United States and Illinois, as the
            case may be, and, as to matters of fact or expert matters not
            within the knowledge or professional competence of counsel, on
            certificates of public officials and of the auditors, transfer
            agent and officers of the Company.

      (h)   the Dealer shall have received an opinion from Canadian counsel to
            the Company addressed to it and in form and substance satisfactory
            to it and its counsel substantially to the effect that:

            (i)   the issuance and sale of the Special Warrants by the Company
                  to the Purchasers are exempt from the prospectus
                  requirements of Canadian Securities Laws and no documents
                  are required to be filed (other than certain forms, reports,
                  certificates and undertakings), proceedings taken or
                  approvals, permits, consents or authorizations obtained
                  under the Canadian Securities Laws to permit such issuance
                  and sale; and the issuance of the Common Shares, prior to
                  the Common Share Closing, to a purchaser thereof is exempt
                  from the prospectus and registration requirements of
                  Canadian Securities Laws subject to certain provisos and
                  specified resale restrictions;

            (ii)  upon the filing of the Canadian Final Prospectus (and any
                  required amendments thereto), the issuance of receipts
                  therefor under Canadian Securities Laws and delivery of the
                  Canadian Final Prospectus (and any required amendments
                  thereto) to the Purchasers, all prior to the exercise of the
                  Special Warrants, all legal requirements will have been


<PAGE>




                                     - 19 -

                  fulfilled by the Company under the Canadian Securities Laws
                  to qualify, without resort to the prospectus exemption
                  provisions of such applicable laws, the distribution of the
                  Common Shares in each of the Qualifying Provinces upon the
                  exercise of Special Warrants in accordance with the Special
                  Warrant Indenture, and that the issuance of the Common
                  Shares by the Company upon such exercise is exempt from the
                  registration requirements of such applicable laws subject to
                  certain provisos; the Common Shares will not be subject to
                  any statutory hold period and no other documents will be
                  required to be filed, proceedings taken, or approvals,
                  permits, consents, or authorizations obtained under the
                  Canadian Securities Laws to permit the first trade in the
                  Qualifying Provinces of such Common Shares, through
                  registrants registered under applicable laws who have
                  complied with such applicable laws or in circumstances in
                  which there is an exemption from the registration
                  requirements of such applicable laws, subject to usual
                  exceptions and provided that such first trade is not a
                  "distribution" by virtue of subparagraph (c) of the
                  definition thereof set forth in the Securities Act (Ontario)
                  and analogous provisions of the other Canadian Securities
                  Laws; and

            (iii) the sale of any Special Warrants in Quebec complies with
                  Quebec language laws;

            and in providing such opinion, counsel may, where appropriate,
            rely on the opinions of counsel regarding the laws of
            jurisdictions other than Canada and Ontario, as the case may be,
            and, as to matters of fact or expert matters not within the
            knowledge or professional competence of counsel, on certificates
            of public officials and of the auditors, the transfer agent and
            the officers of the Company;

      (i)   the Dealer shall have received at the Special Warrant Closing Time
            a favourable legal opinion dated the Special Warrant Closing Date
            from its U.S. counsel, Shearman & Sterling, with respect to such
            matters as the Dealer may reasonably request;

      (j)   the Dealer shall have received at the Special Warrant Closing Time
            a favourable legal opinion dated the Special Warrant Closing Date
            from its Canadian counsel, Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt, with respect
            to such matters as the Dealer may reasonably request in form and
            substance satisfactory to the Dealer acting reasonably; provided
            that the Dealer's counsel in providing such opinion shall be
            entitled to rely on the opinions of local counsel as to matters
            governed by the laws of jurisdictions other than Canada and the
            Province of Ontario and provided further that Dealer's counsel may
            rely upon the opinion of the corporate counsel for the Company,
            with respect to matters specifically relating to the Company and
            its subsidiaries and as to


<PAGE>



                                     - 20 -


            matters of fact, on certificates of public officials and officers
            of the Company; and

      (k)   the Dealer shall have received on the date hereof and at the
            Special Warrant Closing Time, a letter dated the date hereof and a
            letter dated the Special Warrant Closing Date, respectively, from
            Price Waterhouse, the independent public accountants of the
            Company, each letter containing statements and information of the
            type customarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to
            underwriters relating to financial statements and certain
            financial information contained in the Private Placement
            Materials, and with respect to such letter dated the Special
            Warrant Closing Date, as to such other matters as the Dealer may
            reasonably request and in form and substance satisfactory to the
            Dealer.

            Any breach or failure to comply with any of the foregoing
conditions shall entitle the Dealer, in its sole discretion, acting
reasonably, to terminate the obligations of the Dealer under this Agreement
and the obligations of the Purchasers under the Subscription Agreements by
written notice to that effect given to the Company prior to the Special
Warrant Closing Time.

11.   COMMON SHARE CLOSING CONDITIONS.  The release of funds to the Company
under the Escrow Agreement shall be conditional upon the fulfilment at or
before the Common Share Closing Time of the following conditions:

      (a)   the Dealer shall have received the comfort letter referred to in
            clause (iii) of subsection 4(a);

      (b)   the Dealer shall have received notarial copies of receipts for the
            Canadian Final Prospectus issued by the securities regulatory
            authorities in each of the Qualifying Provinces;

      (c)   the Dealer and the Escrow Agent shall have received notarial
            copies of a letter from The Toronto Stock Exchange confirming that
            the Common Shares have been, or no later than the Common Share
            Closing Time will be, listed and posted for trading on such
            Exchange, subject only to the filing of documents and evidence of
            satisfactory distribution, if necessary, in accordance with the
            requirements of the Exchange relating to the listing of securities
            of a foreign company;

      (d)   the Common Shares shall be qualified for inclusion on Nasdaq;

      (e)   the Dealer shall have received an opinion from U.S. counsel to the
            Company addressed to it and in form and substance reasonably
            satisfactory to it and its counsel substantially to the effect
            that the statements contained in the Canadian Final Prospectus
            relating to the U.S. income tax consequences of


<PAGE>




                                     - 21 -

            an investment in the Special Warrants and Common Shares fairly
            present the United States federal income tax consequences to
            holders of Special Warrants who are subject to U.S. federal income
            tax with respect to the Special Warrants and, upon exercise of the
            Special Warrants into Common Shares, the Common Shares;

      (f)   the Dealer shall have received an opinion from Canadian counsel to
            the Company addressed to it and in form and substance reasonably
            satisfactory to it and its counsel substantially to the effect
            that:

            (i)   the statements contained in the Canadian Final Prospectus
                  relating to the Canadian income tax consequences of an
                  investment in the Common Shares fairly present the principal
                  Canadian federal income tax considerations under the Income
                  Tax Act (Canada) to persons who are residents of Canada and
                  who acquire Special Warrants and who, for purposes of the
                  Income Tax Act (Canada), deal at arm's length with the
                  Company, hold Special Warrants and will hold Common Shares
                  acquired upon the exercise of Special Warrants as capital
                  property;

            (ii)  the Common Shares are qualified investments or are not
                  precluded as investments under the statutes listed under the
                  heading "Eligibility For Investment" in the Canadian Final
                  Prospectus;

      (g)   the Dealer and the Escrow Agent shall have received at the Common
            Share Closing Time a certificate of the Company, executed on
            behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
            Financial Officer of the Company, dated the day of delivery, based
            on the best of the knowledge of the signatories after due enquiry,
            stating that at the date of delivery of the certificate (A) all
            information and statements (except information and statements
            relating solely to or provided solely by the Dealer) contained in
            the Canadian Prospectus and Supplementary Material are true and
            correct in all material respects and contain no misrepresentation
            and constitute full, true and plain disclosure of all material
            facts relating to the Company and the Common Shares and that no
            material fact has been omitted therefrom (except facts or
            information relating solely to or provided by the Dealer) which is
            required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the
            statements or information contained therein not misleading in
            light of the circumstances under which they were made, all as of
            the filing of such Canadian Prospectus and Supplementary Material
            with the applicable securities regulatory authority in each of the
            Qualifying Provinces; (B) the Company is in compliance with all of
            its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement which
            survive the completion of the sale and purchase of the Special
            Warrants and all of its covenants and agreements contained in the
            Registration Rights Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the
            Special


<PAGE>




                                     - 22 -

            Warrant Indenture, and it is not in breach or default thereunder
            and no event or circumstance exists which, after notice or lapse
            of time or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder
            by the Company, provided that such certificate need not confirm
            compliance with any such covenants or agreements or the absence of
            any such breach, default, event or circumstance to the extent it
            is waived by the Dealer; (C) the Company is not bankrupt or
            insolvent, has not made any proposal in bankruptcy or assignment
            for the benefit of creditors, is not subject to any resolution or
            proceeding for its winding-up, liquidation or dissolution,
            voluntary or involuntary, and is not subject to any petition in
            bankruptcy, receiving order at the instance of any creditor or
            appointment (privately or through any court) of a receiver or
            receiver-manager; and (D) the Company is not aware of any event,
            condition or circumstance which would entitle the Dealer to assert
            the rights of indemnity contained herein;

      (h)   the board of directors of the Company shall have approved the
            proposed construction of a continuous thin slab caster/hot strip
            mill;

      (i)   the Company shall have received assurance, reasonably acceptable
            in form and substance to the Dealer, that not less than 85% of the
            reasonably estimated funds (currently estimated to be between $300
            million and $350 million) needed for the construction of a
            continuous thin slab caster/hot strip mill (inclusive of the
            Company's cash on hand) will be available to the Company upon
            terms acceptable to it; and

      (j)   the Form S-3 shall have been declared effective by the SEC.

12.   U.S. RESALE RESTRICTIONS ON THE SPECIAL WARRANTS AND THE COMMON SHARES

      (a)   The Dealer represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that:

      (i)   none of the Dealer, its subsidiaries or any persons acting on
            their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling
            efforts (within the meaning of Regulation S) with respect to the
            Special Warrants;

      (ii)  it acknowledges that the Special Warrants have not been and will
            not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and may not be
            offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account
            or benefit of, a U.S. person unless such transfer is to the
            Company;

      (iii) it agrees that, at or prior to the confirmation of the sale of the
            Special Warrants, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or
            person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration
            that purchases Special Warrants from it a confirmation or notice
            substantially to the following effect:



<PAGE>




                                     - 23 -

                  "The securities covered hereby have not been registered
                  under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act")
                  and may not be offered or sold within the United States, or
                  for the account of, U.S. persons at any time.  Any attempted
                  transfer of these securities to a U.S. person will be
                  considered null and void";

      (iv)  it agrees to obtain undertakings substantially identical to
            12(a)(i), (ii) and (iii) above, from each member of any banking or
            selling group formed in connection with the distribution of the
            Special Warrants contemplated hereby;

      (v)   other than any banking or selling group agreement, it has not
            entered into and will not enter into any contractual arrangements
            with respect to the distribution of the Special Warrants, except
            with affiliates (as defined under Rule 405 under the U.S.
            Securities Act) or with the prior written consent of the Company.


      (b)   The Dealer acknowledges and agrees with the Company that it shall
cause each Purchaser to represent, warrant and agree in the Subscription
Agreement that:

      (i)   if such Purchaser decides to offer, sell or otherwise transfer any
            of the Special Warrants, it will not make any such transfer,
            directly or indirectly, unless the transfer is (A) to the Company
            or (B) outside the United States in accordance with Rule 903 or
            Rule 904 under the U.S. Securities Act;

      (ii)  the Special Warrant certificates will be legended, on the
            front-side thereof, to the following effect:

                  "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
                  UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
                  (THE "SECURITIES ACT").  THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING
                  SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION
                  THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
                  TRANSFERRED ONLY TO THE CORPORATION OR OUTSIDE THE UNITED
                  STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE
                  SECURITIES ACT."

      (iii) any attempted transfer of Special Warrants to or for the account
            or benefit of a U.S. person (other than the Company) will be
            considered null and void;



<PAGE>




                                     - 24 -

      (iv)  consents to the Company making a notation on its records or giving
            instructions to the Warrant Agent in order to implement the
            restrictions on transfer of the Special Warrants set forth and
            described herein;

      (v)   if the Form S-3 is effective at the time any Special Warrants are
            exchanged for Common Shares, such Purchaser will not offer, sell
            or otherwise transfer the Common Shares, directly or indirectly,
            unless the sale or transfer is made:

                  (A)   to the Company; or

                  (B)   outside the United States in accordance with the
                        requirements of Rule 904 under the U.S. Securities Act
                        and in compliance with applicable local laws and
                        regulations; or

                  (C)   inside the United States so long as the current
                        prospectus contained in the Form S-3 is delivered to
                        the subsequent transferee upon such transfer and the
                        Form S-3 is effective at such time; or

                  (D)   inside the United States pursuant to Rule 144(k) under
                        the Securities Act, if available.

      (vi)  if the Form S-3 is effective at the time any Special Warrants are
            exchanged for Common Shares, upon original issuance of the Common
            Shares, the certificates representing the Common Shares and all
            certificates issued in exchange therefor or in substitution
            thereof, shall bear the following legend on the front-side
            thereof:

                  "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
                  UNDER A FORM S-3 SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ("FORM S-3")
                  FILED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
                  COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
                  ("SECURITIES ACT").  THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH
                  SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION THAT
                  SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
                  TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE
                  UNITED STATES IN OR THROUGH A DESIGNATED OFFSHORE SECURITIES
                  MARKET IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
                  (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES SO LONG AS THE CURRENT
                  PROSPECTUS CONTAINED IN THE FORM S-3 IS DELIVERED TO THE
                  TRANSFEREE UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR (D) INSIDE THE


<PAGE>




                                     - 25 -

                  UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO RULE 144(K) UNDER THE SECURITIES
                  ACT, IF AVAILABLE.  DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT
                  CONSTITUTE "GOOD DELIVERY" IN SETTLEMENT OF TRANSACTIONS ON
                  STOCK EXCHANGES IN CANADA AND THE UNITED STATES.  A NEW
                  CERTIFICATE, BEARING NO LEGEND, DELIVERY OF WHICH WILL
                  CONSTITUTE GOOD DELIVERY MAY BE OBTAINED FROM FIRST CHICAGO
                  TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK OR MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF
                  CANADA UPON DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND A DULY EXECUTED
                  DECLARATION, IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO MONTREAL TRUST
                  COMPANY OF CANADA AND THE CORPORATION";

            provided that if the Common Shares are being sold under
            subparagraph 12(b)(v)(B) above, the legend may be removed by
            providing a declaration to First Chicago Trust Company of New
            York, as registrar and transfer agent, or Montreal Trust Company
            of Canada, as Canadian registrar and transfer agent, to the
            following effect:

            "The undersigned (A) acknowledges that the sale of ______________
            Common Shares, represented by certificate numbers________, to
            which this declaration relates is being made in reliance on Rule
            904 of Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933
            (the "Securities Act") and (B) certifies that (1) it is not an
            "affiliate" of Acme Metals Incorporated (as defined under Rule 405
            under the Securities Act), (2) the offer of such securities was
            not made to a person in the United States and the transaction was
            executed on or through The Toronto Stock Exchange and neither
            seller nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the
            transaction has been prearranged with a buyer in the United States
            and (3) neither the seller nor any person acting on its behalf
            engaged in directed selling efforts in connection with the offer
            or sale of such securities.  Terms used herein have the meanings
            given to them under Regulation S";

            further provided that if the Common Shares are being sold under
            subparagraph 12(b)(v)(C) above, the legend may be removed by
            providing a declaration to First Chicago Trust Company of New
            York, as registrar and transfer agent, or Montreal Trust Company
            of Canada, as Canadian registrar and transfer agent, to the
            following effect:

            "The undersigned acknowledges that the sale or other transfer of
            ______________Common Shares, represented by certificate numbers 
            _________, to which this declaration relates has been registered
            under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities
            Act") and the seller hereby certifies that it has delivered to each
            buyer, directly or through a U.S.


<PAGE>




                                     - 26 -

            registered broker-dealer, a current prospectus contained in an
            effective Form S-3 registration statement relating to the Common
            Shares.  The undersigned acknowledges that the sale or transfer
            will not be consummated until the Prospectus is delivered to the
            transferee";

            further provided that if the Common Shares are being sold under
            subparagraph 12(b)(v)(D) above, the legend may be removed by
            delivery to First Chicago Trust Company of New York or Montreal
            Trust Company of Canada of an opinion of counsel, of recognized
            standing reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such legend
            is no longer required under the applicable requirements of the
            U.S. Securities Act or state securities laws.

     (vii)  if the Form S-3 is not effective at the time any Special Warrants
            are exchanged for Common Shares, such Purchaser will not offer,
            sell or otherwise transfer the Common Shares, directly or
            indirectly, unless the sale or transfer is made:

            (A)   to the Company; or

            (B)   outside the United States in compliance with the
                  requirements of Rule 904 under the U.S. Securities Act and
                  in compliance with applicable local laws and regulations; or

            (C)   the Common Shares are sold in a transaction that does not
                  require registration under the Securities Act or any
                  applicable United States state laws and regulations
                  governing the offer and sale of securities, and it has
                  therefore furnished to the Montreal Trust Company of Canada
                  an opinion of counsel of recognized standing reasonably
                  satisfactory to Montreal Trust Company of Canada and the
                  Company; or

            (D)   the sale is made pursuant to an exemption from registration
                  under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 144
                  thereunder, if available;

     (viii) if the Form S-3 is not effective at the time any Special Warrants
            are exchanged for Common Shares, upon original issuance of the
            Common Shares, the certificates representing the Common Shares and
            all certificates issued in exchange therefor or in substitution
            thereof, shall bear the following legend on the front-side
            thereof:

            "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
            THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
            "SECURITIES ACT").  THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH
            SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION THAT SUCH
            SECURITIES MAY


<PAGE>




                                     - 27 -

            BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE
            CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE
            904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE
            EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY
            RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, OR (D) IN COMPLIANCE WITH
            CERTAIN OTHER PROCEDURES SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION.
            DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT CONSTITUTE "GOOD DELIVERY" IN
            SETTLEMENT OF TRANSACTIONS ON STOCK EXCHANGES IN CANADA.  A NEW
            CERTIFICATE, BEARING NO LEGEND, DELIVERY OF WHICH WILL CONSTITUTE
            "GOOD DELIVERY" MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF
            CANADA UPON DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND A DULY EXECUTED
            DECLARATION, IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF
            CANADA AND THE CORPORATION, TO THE EFFECT THAT THE SALE OF THE
            SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH
            RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT;

      PROVIDED, that if the Special Warrants are being sold under
      subparagraph 12(b)(vii)(B) above, the legend may be removed by providing
      a declaration to Montreal Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian registrar
      and transfer agent, to the following effect:

            The undersigned (A) acknowledges that the sale of_______________
            Common Shares, represented by certificate numbers_______, to which
            this declaration relates is being made in reliance on Rule 904 of
            Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the
            "Securities Act") and (B) certifies that (1) it is not an
            "affiliate" of Acme Metals Incorporated (as defined in Rule 405
            under the Securities Act), (2) the offer of such securities was
            not made to a person in the United States and either (a) at the
            time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the
            United States, or the seller and any person acting on its behalf
            reasonably believe that the buyer was outside the United States or
            (b) the transaction was executed on or through the facilities of
            The Toronto Stock Exchange and neither the seller nor any person
            acting on its behalf knows that the transaction has been
            prearranged with a buyer in the United States and (3) neither the
            seller nor any person acting on its behalf engaged in any directed
            selling efforts in connection with the offer and sale of such
            securities.  Terms used herein have the meanings given to them by
            Regulation S";

      further provided that if any Common Shares are being sold under
      subparagraph 12(b)(vii)(C) or 12(b)(vii)(D) above, the legend may be
      removed by delivery to Montreal Trust Company of Canada of an opinion of
      counsel, of recognized


<PAGE>




                                     - 28 -

      standing reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such legend is no
      longer required under the applicable requirements of the U.S. Securities
      Act or state securities laws.

      (ix)  consents to the Company making a notation on its records or giving
            instructions to First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as
            registrar and transfer agent, or Montreal Trust Company of Canada,
            as Canadian registrar and transfer agent, in order to implement
            the restrictions on transfer of the Common Shares set forth and
            described herein.

      (c)   The Company represents and warrants to the Dealer that:

            (i)   None of the Company, its subsidiaries or any persons acting
on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling
efforts (within the meaning of Regulation S) with respect to the Special
Warrants; and

            (ii)  The Company is not an open-end investment company, unit
investment trust or face-amount certificate company that is or is required to
be registered under Section 8 of the United States Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended.

13.   EXTENSION OF TERMINATION DATE.  In the event that the Escrow
Conditions are not satisfied prior to 5:00 pm on August 25, 1994, the Company
may extend the Termination Date to a date not later than September 14, 1994
provided that (i) holders of Special Warrants of record on August 18, 1994
(the "Record Date") holding a majority of all outstanding Special Warrants
have consented in writing to such extension prior to August 25, 1994 in
accordance with the procedures established for obtaining the approval of
holders of Special Warrants in the Special Warrant Indenture, (ii) the Company
shall have deposited with the Warrant Agent sufficient funds for the payment
to each holder of Special Warrants of record on the Record Date of a sum equal
to the product obtained by multiplying the number of days for which the
Company wishes to extend the Termination Date by $27,500 by the quotient
obtained by dividing the number of Special Warrants held by such holder on the
Record Date by the total number of outstanding Special Warrants on the Record
Date, and (iii) the Company shall have provided the Warrant Agent with an
irrevocable direction to make such payment in the event that the Termination
Date is extended.

14.   RIGHTS OF TERMINATION

      (a)   If any inquiry, investigation or other proceeding should be made,
threatened or announced or any order should be issued under or pursuant to any
statute of Canada or the United States or of any of the provinces or states,
as the case may be, or by any official of any stock exchange or by any other
regulatory authority having jurisdiction over a material portion of the
business and affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries or otherwise, except
for any such inquiry, investigation, proceeding or order based upon the
activities or the alleged activities of the Dealer, which in the reasonable
opinion of the Dealer would


<PAGE>




                                     - 29 -

prevent the distribution of the Special Warrants or the Common Shares, the
Dealer shall be entitled, at its option and in addition to any other remedies
it might have, to terminate its obligations under this Agreement (and the
obligations of Purchasers arranged by them to purchase the Special Warrants)
by written notice to that effect given to the Company at or at any time prior
to the Special Warrant Closing Time.  In the event of such termination by the
Dealer there shall be no further liability on the part of the Dealer to the
Company or of the Company to the Dealer except for any liability which may
have arisen or may thereafter arise under Sections 15 and 17.

      (b)   In the event that at or at any time prior to the Special Warrant
Closing Time there should occur any material adverse change or a change in any
material fact such as is contemplated in Section 6 hereof, or any information
regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries which was undisclosed as of
the date of this Agreement is disclosed, which, in either case, in the
reasonable opinion of the Dealer would be expected to have a significant
adverse effect on the market price or value of the Common Shares, the Dealer
shall be entitled to terminate its obligations under this Agreement (and the
obligations of Purchasers arranged by them to purchase the Special Warrants)
by written notice to that effect given to the Company prior to the Special
Warrant Closing Time.

      (c)   If at any time on or prior to the Special Warrant Closing Time
there shall develop, occur or come into effect:

      (i)   any occurrence of national or international consequence or,

      (ii)  any event, condition, law, action, government regulation, inquiry
            or other occurrence of any nature whatsoever,

which in the reasonable opinion of the Dealer, materially affects or may
materially affect the financial markets of Canada or the United States
generally or the earnings, business, operations, affairs or prospects of the
Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, the Dealer shall be entitled to
terminate its obligations contained in this Agreement (and the obligations of
Purchasers arranged by them to purchase the Special Warrants) by written
notice to that effect given to the Company prior to the Special Warrant
Closing Time.

      (d)   In the event of a termination by the Dealer (and the Purchasers)
pursuant to this Section 14, there shall be no further liability on the part
of the Dealer to the Company or of the Company to such Dealer except any
liability which may have arisen or may thereafter arise under Sections 15 and
17.

      (e)   Any termination by the Dealer (and the Purchasers) pursuant to the
terms of this Section 14 shall be effected by notice in writing delivered to
the Company at its address as set out herein.  The right of the Dealer (and
the Purchasers) to so terminate their respective obligations under this
Agreement is in addition to such other remedies as they have in respect of any
default, act or failure to act of the Company in respect of any of the matters
contemplated by this Agreement.


<PAGE>





                                     - 30 -

15.         EXPENSES.  Whether or not the sale of the Special Warrants or
the issuance of the Common Shares upon exercise of such Special Warrants shall
be completed, all expenses of or incidental to the issue and delivery of such
Special Warrants and the Common Shares and of or incidental to all matters in
connection with the transactions herein set out shall be borne by the Company
including, without limitation, expenses in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Special Warrants, all private placement fees required under
Canadian Securities Laws, the qualification of the Common Shares for
distribution to the public, the fees (if any) and expenses of counsel to the
Dealer in connection with the qualification of the Common Shares under the
U.S. state securities or blue sky laws, the fees and expenses of counsel to
the Company and all local counsel selected by the Company, and all costs
incurred in connection with the preparation, translation and printing of the
Private Placement Materials, the Form S-3, the U.S. Prospectus, Canadian
Preliminary Prospectus, the Canadian Final Prospectus and any Supplementary
Material.  The out-of-pocket expenses of the Dealer, including the fees and
disbursements of its counsel, shall be borne by the Dealer, provided that in
the event that the Special Warrant Closing or the Common Share Closing is not
completed in accordance with the terms hereof, the Company shall assume and
pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Dealer (including the fees
and disbursements of its counsel) up to a maximum of $60,000 except that if
such purchase and sale or issuance is not so completed by reason of the
default of the Dealer or the Purchasers arranged by the Dealer or any of them
hereunder, the Company shall not be obligated to assume and pay the expenses
of the Dealer.

16.         SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  All warranties,
representations, covenants and agreements herein contained or contained in any
documents submitted pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the
transaction herein contemplated shall survive the purchase and sale of the
Special Warrants and the exercise of such Special Warrants for the Common
Shares by the Purchasers and continue in full force and effect for the benefit
of the Dealer for a period of three years from the Common Share Closing Date.

17.   (a)   INDEMNITY.  The Company shall indemnify the Dealer for and on
behalf of itself and for and on behalf of and in trust for its respective
directors, officers, employees, agents and each person not previously listed
who controls the Dealer within the meaning of Section 15 under the U.S.
Securities Act (the foregoing being referred to individually as an
"indemnified party") from and against any and all liabilities, claims,
demands, losses, costs, damages and expenses (including legal fees but
excluding loss of profits) (collectively, "losses") to which it or they or any
of them may be subject or may suffer, incur or be required to pay, whether
under the provisions of any statute or at common law or otherwise, in
connection with or by reason of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement
in consequence of, directly or indirectly:  (i) any misrepresentation or
alleged misrepresentation (as such term is defined in the Securities Act
(Ontario)) contained herein, in the Private Placement Materials, or in any
covenant or other document of the Company delivered pursuant hereto or made by
the Company in connection with the sale by the Company of the Special Warrants
or the Common Shares; or (ii) any gross negligence or


<PAGE>




                                     - 31 -

wilful misconduct of the Company relating to or connected with the sale by the
Company of the Special Warrants or the Common Shares; or (iii) the
non-compliance or alleged non-compliance by the Company with any of the
Canadian Securities Laws or the U.S. Securities Laws; provided, however, that
this indemnity may not be relied upon by any indemnified party in respect of
any losses which result from any gross negligence or wilful misconduct in the
performance of any of the provisions herein by the Dealer or its directors,
officers, employees or agents.  If any matter or thing contemplated by this
paragraph shall be asserted against the Dealer, it will notify the Company as
soon as possible of the nature of such claim and the Company shall be entitled
to assume the defence of any suit brought to enforce such claim; provided,
however, that no settlement may be made by the Company or the Dealer without
the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  In any such claim, the Dealer shall have the right to
retain other counsel to act on its behalf provided that the fees and
disbursements of such other counsel shall be paid by the Dealer unless (i) the
Company and the Dealer shall have mutually agreed to the retention of the
other counsel or (ii) if counsel representing or proposed to represent both of
the Company and the Dealer, upon the inquiry of the Company or the Dealer or
of its own initiative, is of the opinion that the representation of such
parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to the actual or
potential differing interests between them.

      (b)   CONTRIBUTION.  In order to provide for just and equitable
contribution in circumstances in which the indemnity provided for in
subsection 17(a) hereof is, for any reason of policy or otherwise, held to be
unavailable to the Dealer other than in accordance with its terms, the Dealer
and the Company shall contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expenses of the nature contemplated by the said
indemnity incurred by the Company and the Dealer, in the following
proportions.  The Dealer shall be responsible for that portion represented by
the percentage that the Dealer's underwriters' fee bears to the total price of
the Special Warrants and the Company shall be responsible for the balance;
provided, however, that no person guilty of gross negligence or wilful
misconduct in the performance of any of the provisions hereof or fraudulent
misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not
guilty of such gross negligence or wilful misconduct in the performance of any
of the provisions hereof or fraudulent misrepresentation and provided that in
no case shall the Dealer be responsible for any amount in excess of the total
underwriter's fee.  For the purposes of this paragraph, each party shall give
prompt notice to the other party of any action, suit or proceeding threatened
or commenced in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under
this paragraph.  For the purposes of this paragraph, each person, if any, who
controls the Dealer within the meaning of Section 15 under the U.S. Securities
Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Dealer, and each person,
if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the U.S.
Securities Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company.

18.         TERMS AND CONDITIONS.   Any breach or failure by the Company to
comply with any term or condition contained herein shall entitle the Dealer to
terminate its obligations hereunder by written notice to that effect given to
the Company at or prior to


<PAGE>




                                     - 32 -

the Special Warrant Closing Time.  It is understood that the Dealer may waive,
in whole or in part, or extend the time for compliance with, any of such terms
and conditions without prejudice to its rights in respect of any such terms
and conditions or any other or subsequent breach or non-compliance, provided
that to be binding on the Dealer any such waiver or extension must be in
writing.

19.         ADVERTISEMENTS.   The Company acknowledges that the Dealer shall
have the right, at its own expense, to place such advertisement or
advertisements relating to the sale of the Special Warrants or the Common
Shares contemplated herein as the Dealer may consider desirable or appropriate
and as may be permitted by applicable law, subject to the prior approval of
such advertisement or advertisements by the Company.  The Company and the
Dealer each agree that they will not make or publish any advertisement in any
media whatsoever relating to, or otherwise publicize, the transaction provided
for herein so as to result in any exemption from the prospectus and
registration requirements of the Canadian Securities Laws being unavailable in
respect of the sale of the Special Warrants to prospective purchasers.

20.         CONTRACTUAL RIGHT OF ACTION FOR RESCISSION.  The Company shall,
at the Special Warrant Closing Time, deliver to the Dealer duly executed
Contractual Rights of Action for Rescission substantially in the form to be
attached as an exhibit to the Subscription Agreements for delivery to each of
the Purchasers (including the Dealer) of Special Warrants at the Special
Warrant Closing Time or subsequent thereto.

21.         NOTICES.  Any notice or other communication hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be given by delivery or telecopier, if to the Company,
addressed to it at 13500 S. Perry Avenue, Riverdale, Illinois, U.S.A.,
60627-1182, Attention:  Jerry F. Williams, Vice-President, Finance and
Administration, (fax:  708-841-6010) and if to the Dealer addressed to it at
Nesbitt Thomson Inc., 150 King Street West, 22nd Floor, Sun Life Tower, Sun
Life Centre, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3W2, Attention: Joseph F. Conway (fax:
(416) 586-4280).  Such notice shall be deemed to have been given when actually
delivered or transmitted.

22.         TIME OF THE ESSENCE.  Time shall, in all respects, be of the
essence hereof.

23.         SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.  The Company submits to, and agrees
to take all further steps necessary to submit to, the jurisdiction of the
courts of the Province of Ontario and to waive any objection to venue in any
such jurisdiction in the event liability is alleged or any action is commenced
under this Agreement, the Canadian Securities Laws or other laws of Canada
relating to the offering, issuance and sale of the Special Warrants, including
the enforcement of the indemnification provision set forth in paragraph 17
hereof, and hereby irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction and waives any
such objections.  The Company hereby irrevocably designates and appoints
Gowling, Strathy & Henderson, Suite 4900, Commerce Court West, Toronto,
Ontario as the Company's authorized agent to accept and acknowledge on its
behalf service of any and all process that may be served in any such action,
suit or proceeding in any such court and agrees that service of process


<PAGE>




                                     - 33 -

upon such agent, and written notice of such service to the Company delivered
to Gowling, Strathy & Henderson, shall be deemed in every respect effective
service of process upon the Company in any such suit, action, or proceeding
and shall be taken and held to be valid personal service upon the Company.

24.         UNITED STATES DOLLARS.  All references herein to money amounts
are to lawful money of the United States.

25.         HEADINGS.  The headings contained herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof.

26.         SINGULAR AND PLURAL, ETC.  Where the context so requires, words
importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, and words
importing gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders.

27.         ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  Except for the Agreements, this Agreement
constitutes the only agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and shall supersede any and all prior negotiations and
understandings including, without limitation, the bid letter dated March 2,
1994 executed by the Dealer and the Company.  This Agreement may be amended or
modified in any respect by written instrument only.

28.         SEVERABILITY.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect or limit the validity
or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

29.         GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws
of Canada applicable therein.

30.         SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  The terms and provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Company, the
Dealer and the Purchasers and their respective successors and permitted
assigns; provided that, except as provided herein or in the Subscription
Agreements, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party without the
written consent of the other.

31.         FURTHER ASSURANCES.  Each of the parties hereto shall do or
cause to be done all such acts and things and shall execute or cause to be
executed all such documents, agreements and other instruments as may
reasonably be necessary or desirable for the purpose of carrying out the
provisions and intent of this Agreement.

32.         EFFECTIVE DATE.  This Agreement is intended to and shall take
effect as of the date first set forth above, notwithstanding its actual date
of execution or delivery.



<PAGE>




                                     - 34 -

33.         COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, which taken together shall form one and the same agreement.

            If the Company is in agreement with the foregoing terms and
conditions, please so indicate by executing a copy of this letter where
indicated below and delivering the same to Nesbitt Thomson Inc.

                              Yours very truly,

                              NESBITT THOMSON INC.


                              BY:  /S/ JOSEPH CONWAY

The foregoing is hereby accepted on the terms and conditions therein set
forth.


            DATED this 16th day of March, 1994.


                              ACME METALS INCORPORATED


                              By: /S/ BRIAN W. H. MARSDEN
                                  -------------------------------
                                   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer





<PAGE>


                                     - 35 -


                             SCHEDULE A

                      ACME METALS INCORPORATED

                    OFFERING OF SPECIAL WARRANTS
                    BY WAY OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT

                          TERMS OF ISSUE

ISSUER:
Acme Metals Incorporated (the "Company").

ISSUE:
5,000,000 Special Warrants.

PRICE:
US$21.00 per Special Warrant.

AMOUNT:
US$105,000,000.

SPECIAL WARRANTS:
Each Special Warrant will permit the holder, without the payment of any
additional consideration, to acquire at any time on or before the 15th 
business date following the issuance of receipts of the final prospectus in 
all Canadian provinces and the declaration by the SEC of the effectiveness of 
the Form S-3, one Common Share of Acme Metals Inc. (collectively the 
"Underlying Securities").

OPTIONAL PURCHASE:
The Company will grant Nesbitt Thomson an election to purchase up to 600,000 
additional Special Warrants at the same purchase price set forth herein. 
Nesbitt Thomson must exercise the election prior to March 9, 1994.

CLOSING:
The completion of the issue and sale by Acme of the Special Warrants will be 
completed within 15 days from the acceptance of offer to purchase Acme Special 
Warrants (the "Closing Date").

PRIVATE PLACEMENT:
Special Warrants will be sold by private placement under appropriate 
exemptions.

QUALIFICATION OF UNDERLYING SECURITIES:
The Underlying Securities to be issued on the exercise of the Special Warrants 
will be qualified by way of a prospectus and a Form S-3 which the Company will 
undertake to have cleared in all jurisdictions on or before 160 days following 
the Closing Date.


<PAGE>


                                     - 36 -


At the option of the holders of the special warrant, the Company may extend 
the escrow period after the 160 days have lapsed to a maximum of an 
additional 20 days for a consideration of $550,000 to be paid on a pro rata 
per diem basis.

LISTING:
The Underlying Securities to be issued upon exercise of the Special Warrants  
shall be listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange and NASDAQ.

ESCROW PROVISIONS:
Net proceeds of the issue will be held in escrow pending the following:

(i)   board approval for the construction of the continuous thin slab
      caster/hot rolled mill;

(ii)  listing of the Underlying Securities on the Toronto Stock Exchange
      and NASDAQ;

(iii) written confirmation from lenders or other providers of capital
      that substantially all necessary funds have been committed for 
      the construction of the continuous thin slab caster/hot rolled mill;

(iv)  filing of a final prospectus with the Canadian Securities Commissions,
      and

(v)   declaration of the effectiveness of a Form S-3 shelf registration
      statement by the SEC.

TERMINATION PROVISIONS:
The Underwriter shall be entitled, at its option, to terminate and cancel, 
without any liability on the Underwriter's part, its obligations under the 
Underwriting Agreement or the Letter Agreement and on behalf of the purchasers 
arranged by the Underwriter, without any liability on their part, their 
obligations to purchase the Special Warrants, by giving written notice to the 
Company at any time prior to the Closing Date:

(i)   if any inquiry, investigation or other proceeding is commenced
      or any other order is issued under or pursuant to any statute
      of Canada or the United States or there is any change of law
      or the interpretation or administration thereof, which in the
      reasonable opinion of the Underwriter, operates to prevent or
      restrict the trading in the Warrants or the Underlying Securities
      or the distribution of the Warrants or the Underlying Securities;
      or


<PAGE>


                                     - 37 -

(ii)  if there shall occur any material change in any of the 
      representations, warranties or convenants of the Company given 
      in the Underwriting Agreement or Letter Agreement (other than 
      a change related solely to the Underwriter), or if there shall 
      occur any material fact or material change in the affairs of the 
      Company which in the Underwriter's opinion would be reasonably 
      expected to have a significant adverse effect on the market 
      price or value of the Warrants or the Underlying Securities;

(iii) if there should develop, occur or come into effect any 
      occurrence of national or international consequence, or any 
      action, government law or regulation, inquiry, or other 
      occurrence of any nature whatsoever which, in the Underwriter's 
      opinion, seriously affects, or may seriously affect, the 
      financial markets in Canada or the U.S. or the business of the 
      Company or the market price or value of the Warrants or the 
      Underlying Securities; or

(iv)  if due deligence identifies a material adverse situation which 
      exists at the time of making this offer but has not been publicly 
      disclosed or which occurs after the time of making the offer and 
      prior to the Closing Date.

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ON THE SPECIAL WARRANTS:
Special Warrants will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "US Securities Act"), and will not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States. Offers, sales or transfers of Special 
Warrants by a warrantholder may be made only to (A) to Acme Metals 
Incorporated or (B) outside the United States in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act.

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS:
Resales within the United States by initial holders of Underlying Securities 
during the three-year period following the exercise of the Special Warrants 
are limited to resales by such initial holders, as selling shareholders, under 
an effective US shelf registration statement (which includes a shelf 
prospectus) prepared and kept current by Acme Metals Incorporated. Such 
resales to subsequent purchasers must be accompanied by the delivery of a 
shelf prospectus from the selling initial holder of Underlying Securities to 
the purchaser of the Underlying Securities. Subject to certain limited 
exceptions

<PAGE>

                                     - 38 -


subsequent purchasers need not deliver a prospectus upon resale of such 
Underlying Securities within the United States.

Initial holders of Underlying Securities may resell the Underlying Securities 
to subsequent purchasers in Canada only across a Canadian stock exchange 
(without any shelf prospectus delivery requirement) in accordance with Rule 
904 of Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Subsequent purchasers of 
Underlying Securities may resell the Underlying Securities freely in Canada 
(without any shelf prospectus delivery requirement) in accordance with Rule 
903 or Rule 904 under Regulation S.

INDEMNIFICATION:
By Acme Metals Incorporated of Nesbitt Thomson initial holders of Underlying 
Securities for liabilities that attach because of their status as selling 
shareholders under the shelf registration statement, including indemnification 
for any material misstatement or omission in the shelf registration statement 
or shelf prospectus.

OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:
The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriter, 
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, issue, authorize, agree to issue or 
approve for issuance and sale any common shares in its share capital or any 
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares from the date 
hereof until the 90th day following the date of issuance of the last receipt 
for the final prospectus; and the Company shall not publicly announce prior to 
the 90th day following the date of issuance of the last receipt for the final 
prospectus any intention to issue securities as described above after such 
date.

The Underwriter acknowledge the Company's potential requirement for up to an 
additional $40 million in equity related financing.

The Underwriter consents to the sourcing of such capital on a private basis 
solely to contractors equipment suppliers, or raw material sources 
(collectively the "Project Investors") under the following conditions:

(1) The pricing of the common equity related security is no less 
    than US $21 per share.

(2) Any preferred share offering must be limited to an instrument 
    with a dividend of not more than 7%.


<PAGE>


                                     - 39 -


(3) The Project Investors must hold the issued securities from 
    the signing of the Letter Agreement for a minimum of 250 days.

COMMISSION:
4.5% of the Gross Proceeds, payable to the underwriter upon closing of the 
Special Warrant Issue.

UNDERWRITER:
Nesbitt Thomson Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.40
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                  EXHIBIT 10.40

                          SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT


March 11, 1994


To: The Substituted Purchaser of 
Special Warrants of Acme Metals Incorporated
named on the signature page hereof

Reference is made to the purchase agreement ("Purchase
Agreement") dated as of March 11, 1994 between Acme Metals
Incorporated (the "Company") and Nesbitt Thomson Inc. (the
"Dealer") providing for the issuance and sale by the Company to
the Dealer of 5,600,000 special common stock purchase warrants
("Special Warrants") for a consideration of U.S. $21.00 per
Special Warrant on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Purchase Agreement. A copy of a term sheet ("Term Sheet")
outlining the features of the Special Warrants is attached hereto
as Exhibit "A". The Special Warrants will be issued pursuant to
an indenture ("Special Warrant Indenture") to be entered into at
or prior to the Closing (as defined below) between the Company
and Montreal Trust Company of Canada ("Warrant Agent"). Each
Special Warrant will entitle the holder to acquire one share of
the common stock of the Company (each, an "Underlying Common
Share") without payment of any additional consideration.

The Purchase Agreement provides that the Company sell the Special
Warrants on a substituted purchaser basis to you on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet and the Purchase
Agreement. Your acceptance of this letter, as evidenced by your
signature below, constitutes your irrevocable offer to the
Company to subscribe for and purchase the number of Special
Warrants set forth below beneath your signature at the price of
U.S. $21.00 per Special Warrant, subject to the terms and
conditions contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement. The
Company's acceptance of your offer, as evidenced by the signature
of its officer below, constitutes an agreement between you and
the Company for you to purchase from the Company such Special
Warrants on such terms and conditions.

At the Closing, the net proceeds of issue of the Special Warrants
will be deposited in escrow with the Escrow Agent, at its
principal office in Toronto, Ontario pursuant to the provisions
of the Escrow Agreement. Release of (i) the Underlying Common
Shares and (ii) the net proceeds of issue of the Special Warrants
to the Company will be subject to satisfaction of certain
conditions to be set forth in the Escrow Agreement.

References below to "this agreement" are to be read as references to the  
agreement


<PAGE>


                                    - 2 -


resulting from the Company's acceptance of your
offer. You are referred to herein as the Purchaser. Words and
phrases capitalized in this agreement and the exhibits hereto but
not defined have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in
the Purchase Agreement, unless the context is inconsistent
therewith.

1.  SUBSCRIPTION. The Purchaser hereby subscribes for that
number of Special Warrants set forth below under its name at a
price of U.S. $21.00 per Special Warrant. The Purchaser
understands that the Special Warrants subscribed for constitute a
portion of the aggregate number of Special Warrants which would
otherwise be purchased by the Dealer under the Purchase
Agreement, but which, as a result of this agreement, will be
purchased directly from the Company by the Purchaser. By its
acceptance of this letter, the Company agrees that the Purchaser
is directly entitled to the benefit of all representations,
warranties, conditions, covenants and agreements to or for the
benefit of the Purchasers set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

2.  DELIVERY AND PAYMENT.

(1) Delivery of and payment for the Special Warrants shall be
completed at the offices of the Company's Canadian counsel,
Gowling, Strathy & Henderson, Suite 4900, Commerce Court West at
10:00 a.m. (Toronto time), on March 28, 1994 ("Closing") or at
such other time or place on that or such other date or dates as
may be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Dealer.

(2) Nesbitt Thomson Inc. is hereby appointed as the Purchaser s
agent and attorney to represent the Purchaser at the Closing for
the purposes of all closing matters and deliveries of documents
and Special Warrants and is hereby authorized for and on behalf
of itself and the Purchaser by the Purchaser to extend such time
periods and modify or waive such conditions as may be
contemplated herein or in the Purchase Agreement or as, in its
absolute discretion, it deems appropriate. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Nesbitt Thomson Inc. is specifically
authorized as the Purchaser's agent and attorney: (a) to
exercise or not to exercise, as it determines in its sole
discretion, the rights of termination in the Purchase Agreement;
(b) to negotiate, settle, execute and deliver the final forms of
the Special Warrant Indenture and the Escrow Agreement; and (c)
to exercise the Special Warrants subscribed for by the Purchaser
herein on the third business day following the date that the Form
S-3 registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, or
such other date as the Company and the Dealer may agree upon in
writing but in any event not later than the Termination Date (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement).

3.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Purchaser represents,
   warrants and covenants to the Company and the Dealer that:

   (a) The Purchaser is purchasing the Special Warrants as
       principal for its own account and not for the benefit
       of any other person except as otherwise stated herein;


<PAGE>


                                    - 3 -


   (b) In the case of the purchase by the Purchaser as
       principal, but not as an underwriter, such purchase is
       made as principal for its own account and not for the
       benefit of any other person and the Purchaser is:

     (i)   a bank listed in Schedule I or II to the BANK ACT
           (Canada), or the Federal Business Development Bank
           incorporated under the FEDERAL BUSINESS
           DEVELOPMENT BANK ACT (Canada),

     (ii)  a loan corporation or trust corporation registered
           under the LOAN AND TRUST CORPORATIONS ACT
           (Ontario),

     (iii) an insurance company licensed under the
           INSURANCE ACT (Ontario),

     (iv)  Her Majesty in right of Canada or any province or
           territory of Canada, 

     (v)   any municipal corporation or public board or
           commission in Canada,

     (vi)  recognized as an exempt purchaser under applicable
           Securities Laws (as defined below), or

     (vii) purchasing a sufficient number of Special
           Warrants so that the aggregate acquisition
           cost to the Purchaser of the Special Warrants
           is not less than $150,000;

   (c) In the case of a purchase by the Purchaser as agent for
       a disclosed principal, each beneficial purchaser of
       Special Warrants for whom it is acting is purchasing,
       as principal for its own account and not for the
       benefit of any other person, a sufficient number of
       Special Warrants so that each such beneficial purchaser
       has an aggregate acquisition cost of not less than
       $150,000, unless such beneficial purchaser is otherwise
       an exempt purchaser under applicable Securities Laws
       (as defined below), and the Purchaser is duly
       authorized to enter into this agreement and to execute
       all documentation in connection with the purchase on
       behalf of each such beneficial purchaser;

   (d) In the case of a purchase by the Purchaser as trustee,
       agent or portfolio manager for a principal which is
       undisclosed or identified by account number only, the
       Purchaser is purchasing Special Warrants as trustee or
       as agent for accounts fully managed by the Purchaser
       and the Purchaser is a trust company registered under
       applicable legislation and deemed under applicable
       securities legislation to be acting as principal when
       so acting and the Purchaser is duly authorized to enter
       into this agreement and to execute all documentation in
       connection with the purchase on behalf of each such
       beneficial purchaser;


<PAGE>


                                    - 4 -


   (e) The Purchaser has not been formed solely to permit the
       purchase of securities without a prospectus by groups
       of individuals whose individual share of the aggregate
       acquisition cost is less than $150,000 and each member
       of a Purchaser which is a partnership, syndicate or
       other unincorporated organization and each beneficiary
       of a Purchaser which is a trust, as the case may be, is
       an individual who has contributed at least $150,000 for
       the securities purchased;

   (f) If the Purchaser is purchasing pursuant to paragraph
       3(b)(vii) or 3(c) above, where the Purchaser is not a
       corporation, individual, syndicate, trust, association
       or other form of unincorporated association, the
       Purchaser is (i) a pension plan; (ii) a group of
       pension plans under common management; (iii) an
       organization of members of a family fund formed to make
       investments of family funds; (iv) a testamentary trust
       or estate; (v) an organization which has primary
       ongoing business activities other than investing in
       securities; (vi) a mutual fund other than a private
       mutual fund within the meaning of clause (a) of the
       definition of private mutual fund in section 1(1) of
       the Securities Act (Ontario) (investment clubs); (vii)
       a group RRSP or DPSP; or (viii) a partnership,
       interests in which are offered by prospectus, which
       invests in securities in reliance upon section 72(1)(d)
       of the SECURITIES ACT (Ontario) and section 27 of the
       regulation made thereunder or upon section 14(f) of the
       regulation made thereunder and, in each case, has not
       been created solely to permit the purchase of
       securities without a prospectus by groups of
       individuals whose individual share of the aggregate
       acquisition cost is less than $150,000;

   (g) The decision of the Purchaser to enter into this
       agreement and to purchase Special Warrants pursuant
       hereto has not been made upon any verbal or written
       representation as to fact or otherwise made by or on
       behalf of the Company, other than as set forth herein,
       the Dealer or any other person associated therewith. 
       The Purchaser has not received or reviewed any material
       which appears or purports to describe the business and
       affairs of the Company and which was prepared primarily
       for delivery to and review by prospective investors in
       connection with the offering of Special Warrants;

   (h) If the Purchaser or any beneficial purchaser for whom
       the Purchaser is acting is resident in or is otherwise
       subject to the applicable securities legislation of the
       Province of Quebec: (i) the Purchaser is purchasing
       pursuant to paragraph 3(b)(vii) above, (ii) the
       Purchaser is purchasing pursuant to paragraph 3(c)
       above, or (iii) the Purchaser or such beneficial
       purchaser, as the case may be, is a "sophisticated
       purchaser" as defined in section 44 of the SECURITIES
       ACT (Quebec);


<PAGE>


                                    - 5 -


   (i) The Purchaser has such knowledge in financial and
       business affairs as to be capable of evaluating the
       merits and risks of its investment and it is able to
       bear the economic risk of loss of its investment;

   (j) The Purchaser, whether acting as principal, trustee or
       agent is nether a U.S. person or purchasing the Special
       Warrants for the account or benefit of a U.S. person or
       for resale in the United States.

   (k) The address set forth below is the true and correct
       address of a place of business of the Purchaser (or, if
       the Purchaser is acting as agent for a disclosed
       principal, of such person); 

   (l) The Purchaser will execute and deliver all
       documentation as may be required by applicable
       Securities Laws; 

   (m) With respect to Purchasers resident in British
       Columbia, such Purchaser is hereby notified that:

     (i)   with respect to a sale by the Purchaser of any
           Special Warrants, the Purchaser must file with the
           British Columbia Securities Commission (i) a
           report in the form required under the British
           Columbia Securities Commission's Blanket Order
           #88/5 - "In the Matter of the "Lending of
           Certificates" (the "Initial Trade Report"), or
           (ii) the report required under the laws of the
           jurisdiction in which the Company carries on
           business or in which the Company is incorporated,
           organized or continued, provided that the report
           requires substantially the same information as is
           required in the Initial Trade Report (the
           "Purchaser's Report"), within ten days of the
           initial trade of the Special Warrants by the
           Purchaser; and

     (ii)  where the Purchaser has filed an Initial Trade
           Report or a Purchaser's Report with respect to any
           of the Special Warrants, the Purchaser is not
           required to file a further report in respect of
           additional trades of the Special Warrants; 

   (n) after giving effect to the exercise of all Special
       Warrants, the Purchaser and its affiliates (as defined
       below), or any person on behalf of whom the Purchaser
       is contracting hereunder, will not in the aggregate (i)
       own, beneficially own, or otherwise have an economic
       interest in, or (ii) have voting or discretionary
       trading authority with respect to, more than 1,095,000
       shares of common stock of the Company. For this
       purpose, "affiliates" means any person controlling,
       controlled by or under common control with the
       Purchaser and any person with whom the Purchaser has an
       agreement or is otherwise acting in concert with
       respect to the acquisition, disposition or voting of
       the Common Shares; and


<PAGE>


                                    - 6 -


   (o) if the Purchaser is a resident of a jurisdiction other
       than Canada, the purchase of the Special Warrants by
       such Purchaser does not contravene any of the
       applicable securities legislation in the jurisdiction
       in which it is resident and does not trigger (i) any
       obligation to prepare and file a prospectus or similar
       documents, or any other report with respect to such
       purchase, or (ii) any registration or other obligation
       on the part of the Company or the Dealer.

4.  PURCHASER'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. The Purchaser acknowledges
   (on its own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of those
   for whom the Purchaser is contracting hereunder) that:

   (a) RESALE RESTRICTIONS. The Special Warrants (and the
       Underlying Common Shares if distributed to the
       Purchaser prior to the issuance of a receipt for the
       Canadian Final Prospectus in the applicable Qualifying
       Province or in the event that such receipt is not
       issued, and Underlying Common Shares from the holdings
       of any person, company or combination of persons or
       companies holding a sufficient number of Common Shares
       to affect materially the control of the Company; with
       any such holding of more than 20% of the Common Shares
       of the Company being deemed to affect materially the
       control of the Company) are subject to resale
       restrictions under applicable Securities Laws and are
       otherwise subject to the terms, conditions and
       provisions, including, without limitation, certain
       transfer restrictions, of the Purchase Agreement, the
       Special Warrant Indenture and the Escrow Agreement. 
       For the purposes hereof, "Securities Laws" means the
       Securities Act (Ontario) or applicable laws,
       regulations, orders and published policy statements of
       the provinces of Canada ("Qualifying Provinces"); 

   (b) NO ADVERTISEMENT. Your purchase of the Special
       Warrants has not been made through or as a result of
       and the distribution of the Special Warrants is not
       being accompanied by an advertisement;

   (c) NO PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MEMORANDUM. No prospectus or
       "offering memorandum" within the meaning of the
       Securities Laws has been delivered to the Purchaser in
       connection with the offering of Special Warrants;

   (d) PRIVATE PLACEMENT. The Special Warrants are being
       offered for sale only to residents of Canada and Europe
       of which the Purchaser is one, on a "private placement" 
       basis;

   (e) RELIANCE ON PUBLIC INFORMATION/NO RESPONSIBILITY OF
       DEALER OR THEIR COUNSEL. In purchasing Special
       Warrants, the Purchaser has relied solely upon the Term
       Sheet and publicly available information relating to
       the Company and not upon any verbal or written
       representation as to any fact or otherwise


<PAGE>


                                    - 7 -


       made by or on behalf of the Company or the Dealer or any other
       person associated therewith. Such other publicly
       available information has been delivered to the
       Purchaser without independent investigation or
       verification by the Dealer or by Osler, Hoskin &
       Harcourt, as counsel retained by the Dealer. Neither
       the Dealer nor Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt assumes any
       responsibility or liability of any nature whatsoever
       for the accuracy or adequacy of the publicly available
       information upon which the Purchaser's investment
       decision has been made or as to whether all information
       concerning the Company required to be disclosed by the
       Company has been disclosed. Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt
       are acting as counsel to the Dealer ("Dealer's
       Counsel") and not as counsel to the Purchasers. The
       relationship of Dealer's Counsel with the Purchaser is
       limited solely to the provision of customary commercial
       legal opinions at Closing and to responding to any
       questions which the Purchasers may have regarding the
       terms of the documents to be delivered in connection
       with this Special Warrant transaction;

   (f) LIMITED TRANSFER. The Purchaser s ability to transfer
       Special Warrants and the Underlying Common Shares in
       certain circumstances described above in paragraph 4(a)
       is limited, among other things, by applicable
       Securities Laws and by the provisions of the Special
       Warrant Indenture which require certain
       acknowledgements to be obtained from the transferee;

   (g) CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS. The Company will deliver a
       Contractual Right of Action for Rescission to the
       Purchaser at Closing substantially in the form attached
       hereto as Exhibit "B";

   (h) RELIANCE ON PURCHASER'S STATEMENTS. In accepting this
       subscription the Dealer and the Company are relying
       upon the representations and warranties and
       acknowledgements of the Purchaser set out in Sections
       3, 4 and 5 and, in accepting the Special Warrants on
       the Closing, the Purchaser will be representing and
       warranting that such are true as at the Closing with
       the same force and effect as if they had been made at
       such time.

5.  U.S. SELLING RESTRICTIONS. The Purchaser represents,
warrants and agrees (on its own behalf and, if applicable, on
behalf of those for whom the Purchaser is contracting hereunder)
that:

   (a) if such Purchaser decides to offer, sell or otherwise
       transfer any of the Special Warrants, it will not make
       any such transfer, directly or indirectly, unless the
       transfer is (i) to the Company or (ii) outside the
       United States in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904
       under the U.S. Securities Act;

   (b) the Special Warrant certificates will be legended, on
       the front-side thereof, to the following effect:


<PAGE>


                                    - 8 -


          "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
          REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT
          OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). THE
          HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES,
          AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION THAT
          SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE
          TRANSFERRED ONLY TO THE CORPORATION OR OUTSIDE THE
          UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE
          904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT."

   (c) any attempted transfer of Special Warrants to or for
       the account or benefit of a U.S. person (other than the
       Company) will be considered null and void;

   (d) it consents to the Company making a notation on its
       records or giving instructions to the Warrant Agent in
       order to implement the restrictions on transfer of the
       Special Warrants set forth and described herein;

   (e) if the Form S-3 is effective at the time any Special
       Warrants are exchanged for Common Shares, such
       Purchaser will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer
       the Common Shares, directly or indirectly, unless the
       sale or transfer is made:

        (i)   to the Company; or

        (ii)  outside the United States in accordance with
              the requirements of Rule 904 under the U.S.
              Securities Act and in compliance with
              applicable local laws and regulations; or

        (iii) inside the United States so long as the
              current prospectus contained in the Form
              S-3 is delivered to the subsequent
              transferee upon such transfer and the
              Form S-3 is effective at such time; or

        (iv)  inside the United States pursuant to Rule
              144(k) under the Securities Act, if
              available.

   (f) if the Form S-3 is effective at the time any Special
       Warrants are exchanged for Common Shares, upon original
       issuance of the Common Shares, the certificates
       representing the Common Shares and all certificates
       issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof,
       shall bear the following legend on the front-side
       thereof:

          "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN
          REGISTERED UNDER A FORM S-3 SHELF REGISTRATION


<PAGE>


                                    - 9 -


          STATEMENT ("FORM S-3") FILED WITH THE UNITED
          STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER
          THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
          ("SECURITIES ACT"). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY
          PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT
          OF THE CORPORATION THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE
          OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO
          THE CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN
          OR THROUGH A DESIGNATED OFFSHORE SECURITIES MARKET
          IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES
          ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES SO LONG AS THE
          CURRENT PROSPECTUS CONTAINED IN THE FORM S-3 IS
          DELIVERED TO THE TRANSFEREE UPON SUCH TRANSFER OR
          (D) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO RULE
          144(K) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF AVAILABLE. 
          DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT CONSTITUTE
          "GOOD DELIVERY" IN SETTLEMENT OF TRANSACTIONS ON
          STOCK EXCHANGES IN CANADA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
          A NEW CERTIFICATE, BEARING NO LEGEND, DELIVERY OF
          WHICH WILL CONSTITUTE GOOD DELIVERY MAY BE
          OBTAINED FROM FIRST CHICAGO TRUST COMPANY OF NEW
          YORK OR MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA UPON
          DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND A DULY EXECUTED
          DECLARATION, IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO FIRST
          CHICAGO TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK OR MONTREAL
          TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA, AS THE CASE MAY BE, AND
          THE CORPORATION";

     provided that if the Common Shares are being sold under
     subparagraph 5(e)(ii) above, the legend may be removed
     by providing a declaration to First Chicago Trust
     Company, as registrar and transfer agent, or Montreal
     Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian registrar and
     transfer agent, to the following effect:

     "The undersigned (A) acknowledges that the sale of   
     Common Shares, represented by certificate
     numbers _________, to which this declaration relates is
     being made in reliance on Rule 904 of Regulation S
     under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the
     "Securities Act") and (b) certifies that (1) it is not
     an "affiliate" of Acme Metals Incorporated (as defined
     under Rule 405 under the Securities Act), (2) the offer
     of such securities was not made to a person in the
     United States and the transaction was executed on or
     through The Toronto Stock Exchange and neither seller
     nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the
     transaction has been


<PAGE>


                                    - 10 -


     prearranged with a buyer in the United States 
     and (3) neither the seller nor any person
     acting on its behalf engaged in directed selling
     efforts in connection with the offer or sale of such
     securities. Terms used herein have the meanings given
     to them under Regulation S";

     further provided that if the Common Shares are being
     sold under subparagraph 5(e) (iii) above, the legend
     may be removed by providing a declaration to First
     Chicago Trust Company of New York, as registrar and
     transfer agent, or Montreal Trust Company of Canada, as
     Canadian registrar and transfer agent, to the following
     effect:

     "The undersigned acknowledges that the sale or other
     transfer of _______ Common Shares, represented by
     certificate numbers ______, to which this
     declaration relates has been registered under the
     United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities
     Act") and the seller hereby certifies that it has
     delivered to each buyer, directly or through a U.S.
     registered broker-dealer, a current prospectus
     contained in an effective Form S-3 registration
     statement relating to the Common Shares. The
     undersigned acknowledges that the sale or transfer will
     not be consummated until the Prospectus is delivered to
     the transferee";

     further provided that if the Common Shares are being
     sold under subparagraph 5(e)(iv) above, the legend may
     be removed by delivery to First Chicago Trust Company
     of New York or Montreal Trust Company of Canada of an
     opinion of counsel, of recognized standing reasonably
     satisfactory to the Company, that such legend is no
     longer required under the applicable requirements of
     the U.S. Securities Act or state securities laws.

   (g) if the Form S-3 is not effective at the time any
       Special Warrants are exchanged for Common Shares, such
       Purchaser will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer
       the Common Shares, directly or indirectly, unless the
       sale or transfer is made:

     (i)   to the Company; or

     (ii)  outside the United States in compliance with the
           requirements of Rule 904 under the U.S. Securities
           Act and in compliance with applicable local laws
           and regulations; or

     (iii) the Common Shares are sold in a transaction
           that does not require registration under the
           Securities Act or any applicable United
           States state laws and regulations governing
           the offer and sale of securities, and it has
           therefore furnished to First Chicago Trust 
           Company of New York or Montreal Trust Company
           of Canada an opinion of counsel of recognized
           standing reasonably satisfactory to First


<PAGE>


                                    - 11 -


           Chicago Trust Company of New York or Montreal
           Trust Company of Canada, as the case may be,
           and the Company; or

     (iv)  the sale is made pursuant to an exemption from
           registration under the U.S. Securities Act
           provided by Rule 144 thereunder, if available;

   (h) if the Form S-3 is not effective at the time any
       Special Warrants are exchanged for Common Shares, upon
       original issuance of the Common Shares, the
       certificates representing the Common Shares and all
       certificates issued in exchange therefor or in
       substitution thereof, shall bear the following legend
       on the front-side thereof:

      "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN
       REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF
       1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THE HOLDER
       HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE
       BENEFIT OF THE CORPORATION THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE
       OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE
       CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN
       ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE
       SECURITIES ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM
       REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE
       144 THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, OR (D) IN COMPLIANCE WITH
       CERTAIN OTHER PROCEDURES SATISFACTORY TO THE
       CORPORATION. DELIVERY OF THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT
       CONSTITUTE "GOOD DELIVERY" IN SETTLEMENT OF
       TRANSACTIONS ON STOCK EXCHANGES IN CANADA. A NEW
       CERTIFICATE, BEARING NO LEGEND, DELIVERY OF WHICH WILL
       CONSTITUTE "GOOD DELIVERY" MAY BE OBTAINED FROM
       MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA UPON DELIVERY OF THIS
       CERTIFICATE AND A DULY EXECUTED DECLARATION, IN A FORM
       SATISFACTORY TO MONTREAL TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA AND
       THE CORPORATION, TO THE EFFECT THAT THE SALE OF THE
       SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS BEING MADE IN
       COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE
       SECURITIES ACT;

   PROVIDED, that if the Special Warrants are being sold under
   subparagraph 5(g)(ii) above, the legend may be removed by
   providing a declaration to Montreal Trust Company of Canada,
   as Canadian registrar and transfer agent, to the following
   effect:

     The undersigned (A) acknowledges that the sale of________
     Common Shares, represented by certificate numbers _______, 
     to which this declaration relates is
     being made in reliance on Rule 904 of Regulation S

<PAGE>


                                    - 12 -


      under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the
      "Securities Act") and (B) certifies that (1) it is not
      an "affiliate" of Acme Metals Incorporated (as defined
      in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), (2) the offer of
      such securities was not made to a person in the United
      States and either (a) at the time the buy order was
      originated, the buyer was outside the United States, or
      the seller and any person acting on its behalf
      reasonably believe that the buyer was outside the
      United States or (b) the transaction was executed on or
      through the facilities of The Toronto Stock Exchange
      and neither the seller nor any person acting on its
      behalf knows that the transaction has been prearranged
      with a buyer in the United States and (3) neither the
      seller nor any person acting on its behalf engaged in
      any directed selling efforts in connection with the
      offer and sale of such securities. Terms used herein
      have the meanings given to them by Regulation S";

   further provided that if any Common Shares are being sold
   under subparagraph 5(g)(iii) or 5(g)(iv) above, the legend
   may be removed by delivery to First Chicago Trust Company of
   New York or Montreal Trust Company of Canada of an opinion
   of counsel, of recognized standing reasonably satisfactory
   to the Company, that such legend is no longer required under
   the applicable requirements of the U.S. Securities Act or
   state securities laws.

   (i) consents to the Company making a notation on its
       records or giving instructions to First Chicago Trust
       Company of New York, as registrar and transfer agent,
       or Montreal Trust Company of Canada as Canadian
       registrar and transfer agent of the Common Shares, in
       order to implement the restrictions on transfer of the
       Common Shares set forth and described herein.

6.  POWER OF ATTORNEY RELATING TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT. 
The Purchaser hereby appoints Joseph F. Conway and Wayne Huhtanen
its attorneys-in-fact, each of them with full power of
substitution, to act severally, in its name, place and stead in
any way which the Purchaser itself could act, if a duly
authorized representative of the Purchaser were personally
present, in connection with the acquisition of shelf registration
rights under the U.S. Securities Act on behalf of the Purchaser
with respect to the Underlying Common Shares, including the
preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of a
registration rights agreement (the "Registration Rights
Agreement") among the Purchaser, the Company and other purchasers
of Special Warrants in substantially the form previously
delivered to the Purchaser (receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged by the Purchaser). The Purchaser acknowledges and
agrees that by the execution and delivery of the Registration
Rights Agreement by either Joseph F. Conway or Wayne Huhtanen on
the Purchaser's behalf, the Purchaser will be deemed to have
agreed to be bound by and to perform all of the terms and
provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement and shall be
entitled to receive the benefits of the Registration Rights
Agreement.

7.  PROSPECTUS EXEMPTIONS. The sale and delivery of the Special
Warrants to you or


<PAGE>


                                    - 13 -


to any purchaser on whose behalf you are contracting are 
conditional upon such sale being exempt from the
requirement to file a prospectus and the requirement to deliver
an offering memorandum under any applicable statute relating to
the sale of the Special Warrants or upon the issuance of such
orders, consents or approvals as may be required to permit such
sale without the requirement of filing a prospectus or delivering
an offering memorandum. You acknowledge and agree that the
Dealer and/or the Company will be required to provide applicable
securities regulatory authorities with a list setting forth the
identities of the beneficial purchasers of the Special Warrants
(on a confidential basis except in the Provinces of Quebec and
British Columbia). Notwithstanding that you may be purchasing
Special Warrants as agent on behalf of an undisclosed principal,
you agree to provide, on request, particulars as to the identity
of such undisclosed principal as may be required by the Dealer
and/or the Company in order to comply with the foregoing.

8.  WAIVER. The Purchaser expressly waives and releases the
Company and the Dealer from, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, all rights of withdrawal to which it might otherwise be
entitled pursuant to section 71(2) of the Securities Act
(Ontario) or equivalent provisions of the Securities Laws of any
applicable Qualifying Province.

9.  FEE TO THE DEALER. The Purchaser understands that, in
connection with the issue and sale of Special Warrants, the
Dealer will receive fees from the Company as contemplated in the
Purchase Agreement.

10. TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Time shall, in all respects, be of the
essence hereof.

11. U.S. DOLLARS. All references herein to money amounts are to
lawful money of the United States.

12. HEADINGS. The headings contained herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof.

13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement constitutes the only
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and shall supersede any and all prior negotiations and
understandings. This agreement may be amended or modified in any
respect by written instrument only.

14. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The terms and provisions of this
agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the
Purchaser, the Company and the Dealer and their respective
successors and assigns; provided that, except as herein provided,
this agreement shall not be assignable by any party without the
written consent of the others.

15. LANGUAGE. The parties hereto confirm their express wish
that this Subscription Agreement and all documents and agreements
directly or indirectly relating thereto be drawn up in the
English language. Notwithstanding such express wish, the parties
agree that this Subscription Agreement or any such document or
agreement or any part thereof may be drawn up in the French
language. Les parties reconnaissent leur volonte express


<PAGE>


                                    - 14 -


que la presente Entente de Subscription ainsi que tous les documents 
et contrats s'y rattachant directement ou indirectement soient
rediges en anglais. Nonobstant cette volonte expresse, les
parties conviennent que tout document ou contrat, ou toute
parties de ces derniers ou de la presente Entente de
Subscription, puisse etre redigee en francais.

16. GOVERNING LAW. This agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario
and the laws of Canada applicable therein.

17. EFFECTIVE DATE. This agreement is intended to and shall
take effect on the effective date of the Purchase Agreement,
notwithstanding its actual date of execution or delivery by any
of the parties.

18. METHOD OF PAYMENT. The undersigned will make payment in the
amount of U.S. $21.00 per Special Warrant by means of a bank
draft or certified cheque payable in U.S. funds to:

     Nesbitt Thomson Inc. at:   150 King Street West
                                20th Floor, Sun Life Tower
                                Sun Life Centre
                                Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3W2

                                Attention:  Joseph F. Conway

prior to 9:00 a.m. on the date of Closing.


<PAGE> 

                                    - 15 -


19. SUBSCRIPTION PARTICULARS.

   (a) The aggregate price of the Special Warrants being
       subscribed for is $_______________________________ .

   (b) If the Purchaser is signing as agent for or otherwise
       on behalf of any other person or persons, other than as
       agent for a fully-managed account, the name and address
       of each such persons is:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________        
   (c) The Special Warrants and the Underlying Common Shares
       are to be registered in the name of:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________        

   (d) The certificate representing the Special Warrants and
       the certificate representing the Underlying Common
       Shares are to be delivered to:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________        

     at its office at:

________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________        


                                   ______________________________
                                   Name of Purchaser


                                   By: __________________________


                                       __________________________
                                       Office or Title

                                      
________________________               __________________________
Address of Purchaser                   Number of Special Warrants

________________________


The Subscription Agreement is confirmed and accepted by the Company.

                              ACME METALS INCORPORATED


                              By:________________________________


<PAGE>


                        SCHEDULE A

                ACME METALS INCORPORATED

              OFFERING OF SPECIAL WARRANTS
              BY WAY OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT

                     TERMS OF ISSUE

ISSUER:
Acme Metals Incorporated (the "Company").

ISSUE:
5,000,000 Special Warrants.

PRICE:
US$ 21.00 per Special Warrant.

AMOUNT:
US$105,000,000.

SPECIAL WARRANTS:
Each Special Warrant will permit the holder, without
the payment of any additional consideration, to acquire
at any time on or before the 15th business date
following the issuance of receipts of the final
prospectus in all Canadian provinces and the
declaration by the SEC of the effectiveness of the Form
S-3, one Common Share of Acme Metals Inc. (collectively
the "Underlying Securities").

OPTIONAL PURCHASE:
The Company will grant Nesbitt Thomson an election to
purchase up to 600,000 additional Special Warrants at
the same purchase price set forth herein. Nesbitt
Thomson must exercise the election prior to
March 9, 1994.

CLOSING:
The completion of the issue and sale by Acme of the
Special Warrants will be completed within 15 days from
the acceptance of offer to purchase Acme Special
Warrants (the "Closing Date").

PRIVATE PLACEMENT:
Special Warrants will be sold by private placement under appropriate 
exemptions.

QUALIFICATION OF UNDERLYING SECURITIES:
The Underlying Securities to be issued on the exercise
of the Special Warrants will be qualified by way of a
prospectus and a Form S-3 which the Company will
undertake to have cleared in all jurisdictions on or
before 160 days following the Closing Date.

 <PAGE>


                                    - 2 -


At the option of the holders of the special warrant,
the Company may extend the escrow period after the 160
days have lapsed to a maximum of an additional 20 days
for a consideration of $550,000 to be paid on a pro
rata per diem basis.

LISTING:
The Underlying Securities to be issued upon exercise of
the Special Warrants shall be listed for trading on the
Toronto Stock Exchange and NASDAQ.

ESCROW PROVISIONS:
Net proceeds of the issue will be held in escrow pending the following:

     (i)   board approval for the construction of the
           continuous thin slab caster/hot rolled mill;

     (ii)  listing of the Underlying Securities on the
           Toronto Stock Exchange and NASDAQ;

     (iii) written confirmation from lenders or other
          providers of capital that substantially all
          necessary funds have been committed for the
          construction of the continuous thin slab
          caster/hot rolled mill:

     (iv) filing of a final prospectus with the Canadian
          Securities Commissions; and

     (v)  declaration of the effectiveness of a Form S-3
          shelf registration statement by the SEC.

TERMINATION PROVISIONS:
The Underwriter shall be entitled, at its option, to
terminate and cancel, without any liability on the
Underwriter's part, its obligations under the
Underwriting Agreement or the Letter Agreement and on
behalf of the purchasers arranged by the Underwriter,
without any liability on their part, their obligations
to purchase the Special Warrants, by giving written
notice to the Company at any time prior to the Closing
Date:

     (i)   if any inquiry, investigation or other proceeding
           is commenced or any other order is issued under or
           pursuant to any statute of Canada or the United
           States or there is any change of law or the
           interpretation or administration thereof, which in
           the reasonable opinion of the Underwriter,
           operates to prevent or restrict the trading in the
           Warrants or the Underlying Securities or the
           distribution of the Warrants or the Underlying
           Securities; or


<PAGE>


                                    - 3 -


     (ii)  if there shall occur any material change in any of
           the representations, warranties or covenants of
           the Company given in the Underwriting Agreement or
           Letter Agreement (other than a change related
           solely to the Underwriter), or if there shall
           occur any material fact or material change in the
           affairs of the Company which in the Underwriter's
           opinion would be reasonably expected to have a
           significant adverse effect on the market price or
           value of the Warrants or the Underlying
           Securities;

     (iii) if there should develop, occur or come into
           effect any occurrence of national or
           International consequence, or any action,
           government law or regulation, inquiry, or
           other occurrence of any nature whatsoever
           which, in the Underwriter's opinion,
           seriously affects, or may seriously affect,
           the financial markets in Canada or the U.S.
           or the business of the Company or the market
           price or value of the Warrants or the
           Underlying Securities; or

     (iv) if due diligence identifies a material adverse
          situation which exists at the time of making this
          offer but has not been publicly disclosed or which
          occurs after the time of making the offer and
          prior to the Closing Date.

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ON THE SPECIAL WARRANTS:
Special Warrants will not be registered under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"US Securities Act"), and will not be offered, sold or
delivered within the United States. Offers, sales or
transfers of Special Warrants by a warrantholder may be
made only to (A) to Acme Metals Incorporated or (B)
outside the United States in accordance with Rule 903
or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the US Securities
Act.

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS:
Resales within the United States by initial holders of
Underlying Securities during the three-year period
following the exercise of the Special Warrants are
limited to resales by such initial holders, as selling
shareholders, under an effective US shelf registration
statement (which includes a shelf prospectus) prepared
and kept current by Acme Metals Incorporated. Such
resales to subsequent purchasers must be accompanied by
the delivery of a shelf prospectus from the selling
initial holder of Underlying Securities to the
purchaser of the Underlying Securities. Subject to
certain limited exceptions subsequent purchasers need
not deliver a prospectus upon resale of such Underlying
Securities within the United States.
 
<PAGE>


                                    - 4 -

Initial holders of Underlying Securities may resell the
Underlying Securities to subsequent purchasers in
Canada only across a Canadian stock exchange (without
any shelf prospectus delivery requirement) in
accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the US
Securities Act. Subsequent purchasers of Underlying
Securities may resell the Underlying Securities freely
in Canada (without any shelf prospectus delivery
requirement) in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904
under Regulation S.

INDEMNIFICATION:
By Acme Metals Incorporated of Nesbitt Thomson initial
holders of Underlying Securities for liabilities that
attach because of their status as selling shareholders
under the shelf registration statement, including
indemnification for any material misstatement or
omission in the shelf registration statement or shelf
prospectus.

OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:
The Company shall not, without the prior written
consent of the Underwriter, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld, issue, authorize, agree to issue
or approve for issuance and sale any common shares in
its share capital or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Shares from the date hereof
until the 90th day following the date of issuance of
the last receipt for the final prospectus; and the
Company shall not publicly announce prior to the 90th
day following the date of issuance of the last receipt
for the final prospectus any intention to issue
securities as described above after such date.

The Underwriter acknowledges the Company's potential
requirement for up to an additional $40 million in
equity related financing.

The Underwriter consents to the sourcing of such
capital on a private basis solely to contractors
equipment suppliers, or raw material sources
(collectively the "Project Investors") under the
following conditions:

     (1) The pricing of the common equity related security
         is no less than US $21 per share.

     (2) Any preferred share offering must be limited to an
         instrument with a dividend of not more than 7%.

     (3) The Project Investors must hold the issued
         securities from the signing of the Letter
         Agreement for a minimum of 250 days.

COMMISSION:
4.5% of the Gross Proceeds, payable to the underwriter
upon closing of the Special Warrant issue.

UNDERWRITER:
Nesbitt Thomson Inc. 

<PAGE>


                             EXHIBIT "B" 

             CONTRACTUAL RIGHT OF ACTION FOR RESCISSION

(1) In the event that the Purchaser has acquired Common Shares
and is or becomes entitled under applicable Securities Laws to
the remedy of rescission by reason of the Canadian Final
Prospectus or any amendment thereto containing a
misrepresentation, the Purchaser shall be entitled to rescission
with respect to both the Common Shares and the purchase of
Special Warrants pursuant to this agreement, and shall be
entitled in connection with such rescission to a full refund from
the Company of the amount of the purchase price paid for such
Special Warrants on closing by the Purchaser to the Company. The
provisions of this section are a direct contractual right
extended by the Company alone (but specifically not by the
directors or officers of the Company or by the Dealer) to holders
of Special Warrants (including the Dealer), permitted assignees
of such holders and to holders of Common Shares acquired by such
holders on exercise of Special Warrants, and are in addition to
any other right or remedy available to a holder of Special
Warrants under section 130 of the Securities Act (Ontario),
equivalent provisions of the Securities Laws of any applicable
Qualifying Province or otherwise at law and are subject to the
defences described under such Securities Laws or are otherwise
available.

(2) The Company agrees that the benefit of the covenant
contained in Section (1) above shall be deemed to have passed
with any permitted and lawful assignment or transfer of Special
Warrants in accordance with the Special Warrant Indenture and the
Purchaser agrees to explicitly extend the benefit of such
covenant (but without liability to the Purchaser) to any
permitted and lawful assignee or transferee of Special Warrants
registered in the name of the Purchaser.

(3) All capitalized terms herein which are defined in the
subscription agreement between the Purchaser and the Company
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in such agreement.


                            Acme Metals Incorporated


                            By: ______________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EX-13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit 13

Acme Metals Incorporated  1993 Annual Report and Form 10-K



WE'RE GRATIFIED THAT ACME METALS RETURNED TO SUBSTANTIAL PROFITABILITY IN 1993. 
WE ANTICIPATE CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN 1994.  BUT OUR PLANNING HORIZON MUST
EXTEND FURTHER THAN ONE YEAR, AND LONGER TERM, WE SEE INTENSIFYING CHALLENGES IN
ALL OF OUR MARKETS.  TO ADDRESS THEM AND TO COMPETITIVELY POSITION THE COMPANY
FOR A PROFITABLE FUTURE, WE ARE CONSIDERING THE LARGEST CAPITAL SPENDING PROGRAM
IN ACME'S HISTORY.

[FRONT COVER]

<PAGE>

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE, EMPLOYEE AND SHAREHOLDER DATA
                                                                       1993                1992              %Change
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>                 <C>                   <C>
Net sales                                                          $457,406            $391,562                 17%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit margin                                                     9.9%                7.5%                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before income taxes and cumu-
lative effect of changes in accounting principles                    10,432              (4,522)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income tax provision (credit)                                         4,173              (1,673)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting
principles, net of taxes                                                  -             (50,323)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) after cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles                                   6,259             (53,172)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net margin (computed before cumulative
effect of changes in accounting principles)                             1.4%               -0.7%                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital expenditures                                                 11,749               7,557                 55%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average shares outstanding                                            5,440               5,396                  1%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PER COMMON SHARE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles                                    1.15               (0.53)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting
principles                                                                -               (9.32)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss) after cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles                                    1.15               (9.85)                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders' equity                                                  15.29               16.55                 -8%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT YEAR-END
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders' equity                                                 83,203              89,295                 -7%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Return on equity                                                        7.3%              -59.5%                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debt as a percentage of capitalization                                   40%                 40%                  -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of common shareholders                                         7,000               7,600                 -8%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Number of employees                                                   2,800               2,800                   -
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

[GRAPH OMITTED]


A CAPSULE LOOK AT 1993

- -    SALES ROSE 17 PERCENT TO A RECORD $457.4 MILLION, AND ACME METALS EARNED 
     $6.3 MILLION, OR $1.15 PER COMMON SHARE.

- -    INCREASED SALES IN AN IMPROVING ECONOMY, ALONG WITH PRICE INCREASES IN
     ACME'S STEEL, STEEL STRAPPING, AND TUBE AND PIPE OPERATIONS, LED TO THE
     FINANCIAL TURNAROUND.

- -    THE COMPANY'S 1992 REORGANIZATION PERMITTED ITS FOUR OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES
     TO FOCUS MORE CLOSELY ON THEIR MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.  ALL FOUR ACHIEVED
     IMPROVED FINANCIAL, QUALITY, AND PRODUCTIVITY PERFORMANCE DURING 1993.

- -    CAPITAL SPENDING OF $11.7 MILLION WAS TARGETED TO REDUCE COSTS, ENHANCE
     PRODUCT QUALITY, AND IMPROVE ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ----------------------------------------
QUARTERLY STOCK PRICES

- ----------------------------------------
QUARTER             1991
- ----------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>
First               10 1/4 - 14 1/2
- ----------------------------------------
Second              12     - 15 3/4
- ----------------------------------------
Third               12 1/2 - 15    
- ----------------------------------------
Fourth              13 1/4 - 15 1/4
- ----------------------------------------
                    1992
- ----------------------------------------
First               13 1/4 - 18 3/4
- ----------------------------------------
Second              14 1/4 - 19 3/4
- ----------------------------------------
Third               12 3/4 - 18 1/4
- ----------------------------------------
Fourth              11     - 13 1/2
- ----------------------------------------
                    1993
- ----------------------------------------
First               12 1/4 - 17 1/4
- ----------------------------------------
Second              14     - 18    
- ----------------------------------------
Third               13     - 20 3/4
- ----------------------------------------
Fourth              13 3/4 - 18 3/4
- ----------------------------------------

</TABLE>


ABOUT THE COVER:  STRANDS OF STEEL STRAPPING PASS THROUGH THE PRECISELY
CONTROLLED HEAT TREATING CHAMBER ON THE NEWLY MODERNIZED PRODUCTION LINE AT ACME
PACKAGING CORPORATION'S PLANT IN LEEDS, ALABAMA.  HEATING THE STRAPPING TO 1,600
DEGREES F, THEN QUICKLY COOLING IT, LOCKS IN CRITICAL METALLURGICAL PROPERTIES
SUCH AS HIGH STRENGTH, DUCTILITY AND TOUGHNESS, AND PRODUCES A PACKAGING
PRODUCT WITH HIGH IMPACT RESISTANCE.

[INSIDE FRONT COVER]

<PAGE>

A LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

ACME METALS INCORPORATED RETURNED TO PROFITABILITY DURING 1993, AS INCREASED
SHIPMENTS AND HIGHER AVERAGE SELLING PRICES HELPED US EARN $6.3 MILLION, OR
$1.15 PER COMMON SHARE.  THAT REPRESENTS A SUBSTANTIAL TURNAROUND FROM 1992,
WHEN THE COMPANY REGISTERED A NET LOSS OF $2.8 MILLION, OR 53 CENTS PER
SHARE, BEFORE THE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES.
     WE ARE ENCOURAGED BY ACME'S 1993 PERFORMANCE.  WE ACHIEVED SIGNIFICANTLY
IMPROVED FINANCIAL RESULTS, EVEN THOUGH OUR DOMESTIC MARKETS SAW AN ECONOMIC
RECOVERY THAT WAS MODEST AT BEST FOR MUCH OF THE YEAR, AND MOST MAJOR ECONOMIES
IN EUROPE AND ASIA REMAINED IN RECESSION.
     OUR CONTINUED EMPHASIS ON CONTROLLING COSTS THROUGH MODERNIZING,
CONSOLIDATING, AND RATIONALIZING OUR OPERATIONS, TOGETHER WITH ENHANCING QUALITY
AND PRODUCTIVITY AND IMPROVING CUSTOMER SERVICE IN EACH OF OUR FOUR
SUBSIDIARIES, PLAYED A CRITICAL ROLE IN THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL TURNAROUND.  WE
ALSO ENJOYED BENEFITS FROM OUR LONG-STANDING STRATEGY OF INVESTING TO MODERNIZE
OUR OPERATIONS AND ACQUIRE DOWNSTREAM USERS OF OUR STEEL.
     BUT WHILE ACME METALS' OVERALL 1993 PERFORMANCE ENCOURAGED US, IT ALSO
STIMULATED OUR STUDIES OF THE LONG-TERM COMPETITIVENESS OF ACME STEEL COMPANY,
OUR STEEL MAKING SEGMENT. SIMPLY PUT, DESPITE SUBSTANTIALLY IMPROVED PRICING AND
VOLUME IN ITS MARKETS, THE STEEL COMPANY'S 1993 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WAS
MARGINAL.  THIS PERFORMANCE, VIEWED AGAINST A BACKDROP OF PREVIOUS FINANCIAL
LOSSES AND INTENSIFYING COMPETITION DOMESTICALLY AND IN WORLD STEEL MARKETS, IS
A MAJOR FACTOR IN OUR CONTINUING STUDY OF WHETHER THE INVESTMENT OF $300 MILLION
TO $350 MILLION TO RADICALLY MODERNIZE OUR STEEL OPERATIONS WOULD BE IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF ACME METALS' STAKEHOLDERS.  THIS INVESTMENT WOULD ENHANCE FUTURE
COMPETITIVENESS THROUGH INSTALLATION OF A THIN SLAB CONTINUOUS CASTER AND HOT
STRIP MILL.

MODEST ECONOMIC GROWTH
IN 1993, IT WAS CRITICAL FOR US TO CONTINUE THE INITIATIVES WE BEGAN EARLIER TO
COUNTER THE RECESSION OF 1991-1992, NOT TO SIMPLY RELY ON AN IMPROVING ECONOMY
TO RETURN ACME METALS TO PROFITABILITY.
     WE HAVE BEEN LARGELY SUCCESSFUL IN THIS EFFORT.  AT ALL FOUR ACME METALS
SUBSIDIARIES, WE REDUCED UNIT MANUFACTURING COSTS, INCREASED PRODUCTIVITY, AND
IMPROVED THE QUALITY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.  WE CONTINUED COMPANY-WIDE
EFFORTS TO UPGRADE PRODUCT LINES TO SERVE HIGHER VALUE-ADDED MARKETS.  WE
DISCONTINUED SOME LESS EFFICIENT OPERATIONS AND MODESTLY INCREASED CAPITAL
EXPENDITURES TO OPEN NEW MARKETS, IMPROVE COMPETITIVENESS, AND MEET
ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS.
     WE EXPANDED THE TOTAL QUALITY IMPROVEMENT (TQI) PROCESS IN OUR ACME STEEL
AND ACME PACKAGING OPERATIONS, AND INITIATED SIMILAR QUALITY ENHANCEMENT EFFORTS
AT ALPHA TUBE AND UNIVERSAL TOOL UNDER THE TQI UMBRELLA.  WE NEGOTIATED A NEW,
SIX-YEAR LABOR AGREEMENT AT OUR LARGE CHICAGO-AREA STEEL AND PACKAGING
OPERATIONS;  AND WE CONTINUED TO REFINE THE ACME METALS ORGANIZATION PUT IN
PLACE IN 1992.
     AS A RESULT OF CONTINUING CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND OPERATING PRACTICE
IMPROVEMENTS TO MEET NEW ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS, WE REMAIN IN COMPLIANCE WITH
MANDATED GOVERNMENT ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS.  THE INSTALLATION OF NEW JAMBS AND
OVEN DOORS AND IMPROVEMENTS TO THE GAS COLLECTING SYSTEM AT OUR CHICAGO COKE
PLANT, TOGETHER WITH OTHER IMPROVEMENTS THERE, WILL HELP KEEP THIS CRITICAL
FACILITY IN COMPLIANCE WITH FUTURE ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS.

MAJOR GAINS AT ALPHA TUBE
ALL THREE SUBSIDIARIES IN OUR STEEL FABRICATING SEGMENT HAD STRONG 1993
PERFORMANCES.  WHEN WE ACQUIRED ALPHA TUBE IN 1989, IT WAS A MODESTLY PROFITABLE
MANUFACTURER OF WELDED STEEL TUBE AND PIPE, SERVING COMMODITY MARKETS.  SINCE
THEN, WE HAVE SUCCESSFULLY SHIFTED NEARLY TWO-THIRDS OF ITS SALES TO SPECIFIC,
HIGHER VALUE-ADDED  END-USE MARKETS.  IN THESE, WE CAN TAKE FULL ADVANTAGE OF
SYNERGIES BETWEEN ALPHA AND ACME STEEL COMPANY, WHICH SUPPLIES A LARGE PORTION
OF THE HOT-ROLLED STEEL ALPHA PURCHASES.
     REFLECTING THIS IMPROVED PRODUCT MIX, ALPHA'S SALES WERE UP MORE THAN 15
PERCENT IN 1993.

CONTINUED GROWTH AT ACME PACKAGING
     WE INCREASED SALES, SHIPMENTS, AND MARKET SHARE AT OUR ACME PACKAGING
CORPORATION SUBSIDIARY DURING 1993.  WE BENEFITED FROM INCREASED SHIPMENTS AND
IMPROVED PRICING IN DOMESTIC MARKETS, BUT THE STRENGTH OF THE U.S. DOLLAR
COMPARED TO MAJOR FOREIGN CURRENCIES, COUPLED WITH CONTINUED ECONOMIC
WEAKNESS OVERSEAS, REDUCED EXPORTS OF STEEL STRAPPING.
     ACME PACKAGING OPTIMIZED ITS STRAPPING MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY DURING
1993.  WE CLOSED ONE UNDERUTILIZED PLANT AND SHIFTED ITS PRODUCTION TO OUR
LEEDS, ALABAMA, PLANT, WHERE WE HAVE INVESTED MORE THAN $1 MILLION TO UPGRADE
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT THE BUSINESS STRATEGY. 
     THIS INVESTMENT, PLUS CONTINUED IMPROVEMENTS AT OTHER PLANTS, PRODUCED A
RECORD YEAR IN TERMS OF PRODUCTIVITY, COST PERFORMANCE, AND QUALITY AT ACME
PACKAGING, THE NATION'S LARGEST PRODUCER OF STEEL STRAPPING AND STRAPPING TOOLS.

1

<PAGE>

RECORD PERFORMANCE AT UNIVERSAL TOOL
AS A SUPPLIER TO THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY, OUR UNIVERSAL TOOL SUBSIDIARY HAS MADE
COST REDUCTION AND QUALITY IMPROVEMENT A WAY OF LIFE.  AS A RESULT, DESPITE
CONTINUED PRESSURE ON PRODUCT PRICES DURING 1993, UNIVERSAL ACHIEVED RECORD
SALES.  THE SUBSIDIARY IMPROVED ITS COST, QUALITY, AND PRODUCTIVITY PERFORMANCE
FOR THE THIRD YEAR IN A ROW.
     PRIOR CAPITAL INVESTMENTS AND IMPROVED MANAGEMENT TECHNIQUES HELPED
IMPROVED MANUFACTURING EFFICIENCY AND PRODUCT QUALITY, WHILE ONGOING PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES YIELDED NEW JACKS AND CUSTOMERS FOR THE 1994 AND 1995
MODEL YEARS.  UNIVERSAL TOOL ALSO SIGNED AN AGREEMENT TO LICENSE ITS TECHNOLOGY
TO A FOREIGN PRODUCER OF AUTO JACKS, AS AN INITIAL STEP TOWARD POSSIBLE JOINT-
VENTURE MANUFACTURING.

GAINS, QUESTIONS IN STEEL
THE IMPROVING ECONOMY, THE WEAKENED U.S. DOLLAR, SUPPLY UNCERTAINTIES BECAUSE OF
1993'S IMPORT TRADE CASES AGAINST UNFAIR STEEL DUMPING AND SUBSIDIZATION, AND
IMPROVED PRODUCT QUALITY PERMITTED U.S. STEEL PRODUCERS, INCLUDING ACME STEEL,
TO SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASE SHIPMENTS AND RAISE PRICES DURING 1993.  IN ADDITION,
WE CONTINUED OUR STRATEGY OF INCREASING MARKET SHARE IN THE HIGHER VALUE-ADDED
NICHE-MARKET STEELS THAT ARE ACME STEEL'S SPECIAL STRENGTH.
     INTERNALLY, ACME STEEL IDLED TWO SMALL, OUTDATED, AND MARGINALLY
COMPETITIVE STEEL ROLLING FACILITIES, FURTHER OPTIMIZING PRODUCTION AND
IMPROVING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SATISFACTION.
     QUALITY AND PRODUCTIVITY PERFORMANCE IMPROVED OVERALL, WITH ACME STEEL'S
MAN-HOURS PER TON OF STEEL PRODUCED AT THE LOWEST LEVEL EVER.
     IN MANY RESPECTS, THEN, OUR STEEL SUBSIDIARY ACHIEVED MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS
DURING 1993, YET ITS FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE, IN ABSOLUTE TERMS, WAS MARGINAL.
     THE PROBLEM, EXTENSIVE STUDY HAS DETERMINED, IS SIMPLY THE COST AND QUALITY
COMPETITIVENESS OF ACME STEEL'S RIVERDALE, ILLINOIS, INGOT-PRODUCING AND NARROW
STRIP ROLLING OPERATIONS.  AS WE'VE EXPLAINED IN PREVIOUS REPORTS, THE
DEVELOPMENT OF LOWER-COST STEELMAKING AND ROLLING TECHNOLOGY, INTENSIFYING
COMPETITION FROM OTHER STEEL PRODUCERS AND MATERIALS, AND MARKET PRESSURES
FACING OUR CUSTOMERS ARE SEVERELY LIMITING THE STEEL INDUSTRY'S ABILITY TO
ACHIEVE AND SUSTAIN HIGHER PRICES.  EVEN THE PRICE INCREASES IMPLEMENTED IN
1993'S STRONGER MARKET BARELY BROUGHT AVERAGE STEEL PRICE REALIZATIONS BACK TO
1988 LEVELS, AND, IN REAL TERMS, THE LONG-TERM TREND LINE IS DOWN.
     AGAINST THIS BACKDROP OF INTENSIFYING COMPETITION, WE BELIEVE ACME STEEL'S
EXISTING STEELMAKING AND ROLLING TECHNOLOGY WILL CONTINUE TO PRODUCE ACCEPTABLE
FINANCIAL RESULTS IN STRONG MARKETS, BUT YIELD ERODING PROFITABILITY AND BECOME
AN INTENSIFYING PROBLEM IN ECONOMIC DOWNTURNS.
     SINCE JULY OF 1992, ACME METALS' MANAGEMENT AND ITS BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAVE
CONDUCTED AN EXHAUSTIVE ANALYSIS OF ALL OPTIONS AVAILABLE TO US IN THE STEEL
BUSINESS, RANGING FROM FACILITY SHUTDOWNS TO COMPLETE MODERNIZATION OF OUR
OPERATIONS.
     WE BELIEVE MODERNIZATION, WITH THE INSTALLATION OF A NEW $300 MILLION TO
$350 MILLION CONTINUOUS THIN SLAB CASTER AND HOT STRIP MILL, OFFERS THE BEST
LONG-TERM RETURNS FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS.  AS AN IMPORTANT FIRST STEP IN OBTAINING
THE NECESSARY FINANCING FOR THIS INVESTMENT, ACME METALS ON MARCH 3, 1994,
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CONDITIONS, AGREED TO SELL ON A PRIVATE PLACEMENT BASIS
EXCLUSIVELY IN CANADA, AN ISSUE OF 5,600,000 SECURITIES, AT A PRICE OF $21.00
PER SECURITY, EXCHANGEABLE ON A ONE-FOR-ONE BASIS, FOR 5,600,000 COMMON SHARES
OF ACME METALS INCORPORATED.
     THE CONDITIONS FOR ACME'S FINAL ISSUANCE OF THE COMMON SHARES AND RECEIPT
OF THE PROCEEDS INCLUDE CONFIRMATION OF THE AVAILABILITY OF DEBT FINANCING
SUFFICIENT FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE NEW FACILITY AND APPROVAL OF THE PROJECT
BY ACME'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  YOU'LL FIND MORE DETAIL ON THE SECURITIES AND THE
PROJECT IN THE ACCOMPANYING FORM 10-K.

1994'S OUTLOOK
THE ECONOMIC RECOVERY CONTINUES TO GAIN STRENGTH GRADUALLY, AND WE ENTER THE NEW
YEAR WELL POSITIONED TO BUILD ON 1993'S PROFITABILITY.
     MOST MARKETS FOR OUR SUBSIDIARIES' PRODUCTS LOOK ENCOURAGING, AND WE
ANTICIPATE CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN PRICING IN MOST OF THOSE MARKETS.
     IN 1994, WE FACE HIGHER PENSION AND INSURANCE COSTS, AND EXPENSES TO COMPLY
WITH CLEAN AIR ACT PROVISIONS WILL BE HIGHER THAN IN 1993.
     AT THIS POINT, I BELIEVE THE IMPROVING ECONOMY AND RESULTING DEMAND FOR THE
PRODUCTS OUR CUSTOMERS MANUFACTURE, TOGETHER WITH OUR CONTINUING IMPROVEMENTS IN
PRODUCTIVITY, QUALITY, AND COST PERFORMANCE, WILL SERVE TO MORE THAN OFFSET THE
HIGHER EXPENSES.  AS  RESULT, 1994 SHOULD BE AN EVEN BETTER YEAR FOR ACME METALS
INCORPORATED.


/S/ BRIAN W.H. MARSDEN
Brian W.H. Marsden
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

MARCH 11, 1994

[PHOTO OMITTED]

2

<PAGE>

ACME METALS AT A GLANCE

ACME METALS INCORPORATED, THROUGH ITS OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES, IS A FULLY
INTEGRATED MANUFACTURER OF STEEL AND STEEL PRODUCTS.  HEADQUARTERED IN 
RIVERDALE, ILLINOIS, ACME IS A LEADER IN EACH OF ITS MAJOR PRODUCT LINES, 
ENJOYING STRONG NICHE MARKET POSITIONS.



ACME STEEL COMPANY
[PHOTO OMITTED]

DESCRIPTION
Acme, the smallest integrated steel producer in the U.S., has an ability to 
custom produce and process steel in small order lots, in special chemistries 
and widths, and with exact product consistency unmatched by other mills.

PRODUCTS
Sheet, strip and semifinished steel in low-, mid-, and high-carbon; alloy; and
special grades

PRODUCTION FACILITIES
Riverdale, IL
Chicago, IL

PRINCIPAL MARKETS
Agricultural, automotive, industrial equipment, industrial fastener, pipe and
tube processor, and tool manufacturing industries


ACME PACKAGING CORPORATION
[PHOTO OMITTED]

DESCRIPTION
The industry's most modern manufacturing facilities, located in every major
region; its broadest product line; a strong sales and distribution network; and
the unique synergies provided by strapping's "steel mill connection" make the 
Acme Packaging subsidiary an industry leader.

PRODUCTS
Steel strapping, strapping tools, and industrial packaging products

PRODUCTION FACILITIES
Riverdale, IL
New Britain, CT
Pittsburg, CA
Leeds, AL


PRINCIPAL MARKETS
Agricultural, automotive, brick construction, fabricated and primary metals,
forest products, paper, and wholesale industries


ALPHA TUBE CORPORATION
[PHOTO OMITTED]

DESCRIPTION
Strong product quality and technical support, a broad value-added product line
sold to a diverse customer base, and important steel mill/steel user synergies
make Acme's Alpha Tube Corporation subsidiary a leader in the steel tube and
pipe market.

PRODUCTS
Welded steel tube and pipe

PRODUCTION FACILITIES
Toledo, OH(3)

PRINCIPAL MARKETS
Appliance, automotive, construction, household and leisure furniture, material
handling, recreational products and, warehouse industries

UNIVERSAL TOOL & STAMPING COMPANY, INC.
[PHOTO OMITTED]

DESCRIPTION
Strong manufacturing planning and control systems, unmatched new product
development and customer technical support, and a midwestern location convenient
to automotive assembly plants make Universal the nation's premier manufacturer
of automotive lifting equipment.

PRODUCTS
Auto and light truck jacks

PRODUCTION FACILITIES
Butler, IN

PRINCIPLE MARKETS
Automotive and truck industries

                                                                               3

<PAGE>

ACME STEEL COMPANY

- -    1993 BROUGHT IMPROVING DEMAND FOR STEEL IN ACME'S MARKETS.  AS A RESULT,
     SALES ROSE 29%. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE ALSO IMPROVED, LARGELY BECAUSE OF
     INCREASED VOLUME AND SUCCESSFUL PRICE INCREASES.

- -    ACME STEEL CEASED PRODUCTION ON TWO OLDER, HIGH-COST ROLLING MILLS DURING
     1993, SHIFTING TONNAGE TO HIGHER-MARGINED NICHE STEELS.

- -    KEY QUALITY GAUGES--REJECTIONS, CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS, SCRAP RATES--SURPASSED
     CHALLENGING TARGETS FOR THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW.

- -    PRODUCTIVITY, AS MEASURED BY MAN-HOURS TO PRODUCE A TON OF STEEL,
     REGISTERED RECORD PERFORMANCE.

- -    A SIX-YEAR LABOR AGREEMENT OFFERS THE PROMISE OF A LONG-TERM
     LABOR/MANAGEMENT PARTNERSHIP AND FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS IN PRODUCTIVITY.

- -    CAPITAL INVESTMENTS TO INCREASE QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY AND TO MEET
     ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS INCLUDED A NEW STEEL SLITTER AND PACKAGING LINE, A
     RELINED BLAST FURNACE STOVE, AND NEW COKE OVEN DOORS AND GAS COLLECTING
     SYSTEM.

- -    DEMAND FOR STEEL IN 1994 IS EXPECTED TO REMAIN STRONG, AND ACME STEEL
     EXPECTS CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN MARKET PRICING, LEADING TO A SECOND YEAR
     OF IMPROVED RESULTS.


ACME PACKAGING CORPORATION

- -    RECORD 1993 WITH SALES UP 8%.  STRONG U.S. DOLLAR REDUCED EXPORT SALES,
     BUT GAINS IN DOMESTIC MARKET MORE THAN OFFSET THE REDUCTION.

- -    ACME PACKAGING INCREASED MARKET SHARE IN THE STEEL STRAPPING INDUSTRY
     DURING 1993.

- -    IMPLEMENTED NEW DISTRIBUTOR TRAINING PROGRAMS AND ADDED NEW DISTRIBUTORS
     TO STRENGTHEN THIS GROWING MARKET CHANNEL.

- -    IN ADDITION TO SALES GAINS, ACME PACKAGING REGISTERED ITS BEST-EVER
     PERFORMANCE IN PRODUCT QUALITY, EMPLOYEE SAFETY AND PRODUCTIVITY, AND
     MANUFACTURING COSTS.

- -    COMPLETED A $1 MILLION INVESTMENT TO MODERNIZE ALABAMA PLANT SERVING
     GROWING SOUTHEASTERN MARKETS AND CLOSED REDUNDANT AND MARGINAL FACILITIES
     IN CALIFORNIA AND CONNECTICUT.

- -    1994 OUTLOOK IS FOR CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN DOMESTIC SALES AND
     INTRODUCTION OF NEW PLASTIC STRAPPING PRODUCTS TO CAPITALIZE ON GROWTH IN
     THIS MARKET.


ALPHA TUBE CORPORATION

- -    1993 SALES UP 17%, AND UP 30% IN TARGET MARKETS--AIR CONDITIONING/HEATING,
     AUTO COMPONENTS, FLUE TUBES, RECREATIONAL PRODUCTS, TRUCK EXHAUST SYSTEMS
     AND SERVICE CENTERS.

- -    CONTINUED PROGRESS IN REPOSITIONING BUSINESS FROM LOW-MARGIN COMMODITY
     PRODUCTS TO THOSE REQUIRING GREATER TECHNOLOGICAL AND MANUFACTURING
     SOPHISTICATION, THEREBY OFFERING HIGHER MARGINS.

- -    MAJOR GAINS IN PRODUCT QUALITY, PRODUCTIVITY, AND COST PERFORMANCE.

- -    NEW ENTRY-END FEEDERS AND CUTTING PRESSES HELPED IMPROVE PERFORMANCE AND
     COMPETITIVENESS.

- -    PRODUCT DEVELOPMENTS INCLUDES SUPRATUBE-TM-, A WELDED TUBE THAT MEETS
     DIMENSIONAL STANDARDS PREVIOUSLY ACHIEVED ONLY WITH MORE COSTLY PRODUCTION
     PROCESSES.  ALPHA TUBE ALSO ADDED NEW SHAPES TO ITS PRODUCTLINE AND IS 
     WORKING TO DEVELOP A TUBING PRODUCT TO REPLACE THE MORE COSTLY, FABRICATED
     SIDE-DOOR IMPACT BEAMS NOW USED IN AUTOMOTIVE APPLICATIONS.

- -    IN 1994, ALPHA TUBE WILL CONTINUE ITS PROGRESS IN BECOMING A HIGH-QUALITY,
     LOW-COST NICHE PRODUCER OF PRODUCTS THAT PROVIDE ADDED VALUE TO CUSTOMERS
     AND IMPROVED OPERATING RETURNS FOR ALPHA TUBE AND ACME METALS.


UNIVERSAL TOOL & STAMPING COMPANY

- -    1993 PERFORMANCE SAW SALES UP NEARLY 5%, DESPITE CONTINUED PRESSURE ON
     SELLING PRICES.

- -    THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF IMPROVED MANUFACTURING PRODUCTIVITY AND PLANT
     EFFICIENCY.

- -    NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT BUOYS LONG-TERM OUTLOOK.

     -    ULTRALITE-TM- JACK FOR 1995-MODEL VEHICLES USES ACME HIGH-STRENGTH, 
          LIGHTWEIGHT STEELS TO REDUCE WEIGHT AND HELP IMPROVE FUEL ECONOMY.

     -    NEW JACK DESIGN ALLOWING INSIDE TIRE RIM STOWAGE SAVES VALUED TRUCK
          SPACE AND IS ADAPTABLE TO BOTH FULL-SIZED RIMS AND MINI-SPARES.

     -    IN THE WORKS IS A "FEMALE-FRIENDLY" SYSTEM PROVIDING EASIER REMOVAL OF
          WHEEL LUG NUTS WHEN CHANGING A TIRE.

- -    IMPROVED STOCK FEEDING EQUIPMENT AND TOOLING PREPARATION HELPED INCREASE
     PRODUCTIVITY AND QUALITY AND REDUCE COSTS.

- -    MAJOR QUALITY AWARDS FROM CHRYSLER, FORD AND NISSAN.

- -    TO SERVE GROWING MEXICAN MARKET, UNIVERSAL SIGNED A LONG-TERM AGREEMENT TO
     LICENSE ITS TECHNOLOGY TO GRUPO TEKNO, A MEXICAN AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS
     COMPANY.

- -    1994 OUTLOOK IS FOR CONTINUED GOOD PERFORMANCE, BUT PRICE NEGOTIATIONS WITH
     A MAJOR CUSTOMER WILL LIKELY CAUSE MID-YEAR LOSS OF SOME SALES, PARTIALLY
     OFF-SET BY GAINS WITH OTHER CUSTOMERS.

<PAGE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BRIAN W.H. MARSDEN 3,4
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Acme Metals Incorporated

STEPHEN D. BENNETT 3,4
President and Chief Operating Officer of Acme Metals Incorporated

EUGENE P. BERG 1,2,3,5
Chairman of the Board of Automatic Spring Coiling Company (manufacturer of
precision mechanical springs)

C.J. GAUTHIER 1,2,3,5
Retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NICOR, Inc. (public
utility holding company)

EDWARD G. JORDAN 1,4,5
Retired Chairman of Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail)

ANDREW R. LAIDLAW 1,2,3,5
Chairman of the Executive Committee of the law firm of Seyfarth, Shaw,
Fairweather & Geraldson

FRANK A. LEPAGE 2,4,5
Retired Director and Executive Vice President of The Firestone Tire and Rubber
Company

REYNOLD C. MACDONALD 1,3,4,5
Retired Chairman of the Board of Acme Steel Company

JULIEN L. MCCALL 2,4,5
Retired Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of National City
Corporation (bank holding company)

WILLIAM P. SOVEY 1,4,5
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Newell Co. (diversified
manufacturer of hardware, housewares, office, and industrial products)

WILLIAM R. WILSON 1,2,5
Retired Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Lukens, Inc.
(diversified metals manufacturer)


BOARD COMMITTEES
1    Audit Review
2    Compensation
3    Executive
4    Finance
5    Nominating


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BRIAN W.H. MARSDEN
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

STEPHEN D. BENNETT
President and Chief Operating Officer

RICHARD J. STEFAN
Vice President--Employee Relations

EDWARD P. WEBER, JR.
Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary

JERRY F. WILLIAMS
Vice President--Finance and Administration, Treasurer, and Chief Financial
Officer


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ACME STEEL COMPANY
Stephen D. Bennett, President

ACME PACKAGING CORPORATION
Robert W. Dyke, President

ALPHA TUBE CORPORATION
Steven G. Jansto, President

UNIVERSAL TOOL & STAMPING COMPANY, INC.
Larry C. Kipp, President


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INVESTOR INFORMATION
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ANNUAL MEETING
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at 10:00 a.m., Central Time,
April 28, 1994, in the 8th-floor auditorium of Harris Trust & Savings Bank, 111
West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois.

STOCK MARKET INFORMATION
Acme Metals Incorporated common stock is traded on the NASDAQ National Market
System under the symbol: ACME.  As of March 15, 1994, there were 5,547,592
shares of common stock outstanding, held by 6,895 shareholders of record.

DIVIDENDS
No dividends on the common stock have been declared or paid since Acme became a
public company.  The company's Board of Directors, which establishes and
regularly reviews dividend policy, has, to this time, determined that
shareholders' interests have been best served by reinvesting available funds to
modernize the company's existing operations, to acquire profitable and growing
plants and companies, and to maintain financial strength.


- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHAREHOLDER QUESTIONS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shareholders with questions concerning Acme Metals and its operations should
direct inquiries to Charles A. Nekvasil, director, Public and Investor
Relations, Acme Metals Incorporated.  Phone 708-841-8383, Ext. 2266.

Shareholders with questions concerning the transfer of shares, lost stock
certificates, duplicate mailings, or changes of address should contact the
Transfer Agent and Registrar:
First Chicago Trust Company of New York
Shareholder Services
P.O. Box 2500
Jersey City, N.J.  07303-2500
201-324-0498 or 800-446-2617.

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Price Waterhouse
200 East Randolph Drive
Chicago, Illinois

[INSIDE BACK COVER]

<PAGE>

[LOGO]

ACME METALS INCORPORATED

13500 SOUTH PERRY AVENUE
RIVERDALE ILLINOIS 60627-1182
708-849-2500

[OUTSIDE BACK COVER]
<PAGE>





                            APPENDIX TO ANNUAL REPORT


* The first graph on the inside front cover is a chart showing the company's net
sales for the last three years.  Sales shown are $376,951,000 for 1991,
$391,562,000 for 1992, and $457,406,000 for 1993.

* The second graph on the inside front cover is a chart showing the company's
net income (loss) for the last three years.  Shown are a loss ($2,318,000) for
1991, a loss ($2,849,000) before cumulative effect of changes in accounting
principles for 1992, and net income of $6,259,000 for 1993.

* The third graph on the inside front cover is a chart showing shareholders'
equity for the last three years.  Equity shown is $150,664,000 for 1991,
$89,295,000 for 1992, and $83,203,000 for 1993.

* The photo on Page 2 is a picture of Brian W.H. Marsden, Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer.

* The first photo on Page 3 is a picture of hot-rolled sheet steel.

* The second photo on Page 3 is a picture of steel strapping.

* The third photo on Page 3 is a picture of welded steel tube.

* The fourth photo on Page 3 is a picture of an automotive jack.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EX-21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                                                                      EXHIBIT 21


                            ACME METALS INCORPORATED
                               SUBSIDIARY LISTING
                               AS OF MARCH 1, 1994
                             -----------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



Subsidiary Name, D/B/A,         State or Country of
AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES             INCORPORATION      TYPE OF BUSINESS
- -----------------------------   ------------------  ----------------
<S>                             <C>                 <C>

Acme Steel Company                  Delaware            Integrated steel
                                                        producer
(d/b/a Acme Steel Company, Inc.,
State of Alabama)
(d/b/a Acme Steelstrapping 
Company, State of Texas)

     Alabama Metallurgical          Washington          Leases real estate and
     Corporation                                        equipment


Acme Packaging Corporation          Delaware            Manufacture and sale
(d/b/a Acme Steel Packaging                             of steel strapping and
Corporation, State of                                   related tools
California)

     Acme Steel Company             Barbados            Foreign trading
     International, Inc.                                company

     Alpha Tube Corporation         Delaware            Manufacture and sale
                                                        of welded carbon steel
                                                        tubing

     Alta Slitting Corporation      Delaware            Slitting and
                                                        processing of steel
                                                        products

     Universal Tool & Stamping      Indiana             Manufacture and sale
     Company, Inc.                                      of auto and truck jacks


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EX-23.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 23.1


                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration 
Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-17235, 33-19437, 33-38747 and 33-30841) of 
Acme Metals Incorporated of our report dated March 21, 1994 appearing on 
page 33 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PRICE WATERHOUSE

March 25, 1994
Chicago, Illinois


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
