-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 jSme4OE5puXgBpdHHyga1WdDJ0E3trqOOdfp13QPWNizEt4YLMTbUPjitjQi47a9
 tBwulFatOU1F7uc/UNiQZQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-000263.txt : 19950608
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-000263.hdr.sgml : 19950608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-000263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19930831
FILED AS OF DATE:		19931129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		19931129
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000861439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	8060
		IRS NUMBER:				133527632
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10511
		FILM NUMBER:		94505453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 PRESTON RD, SUITE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75255
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2143606300
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
- - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                            ------------------------

                                   Form 10-K
(Mark One)
   /X/           ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993
                                       OR

   / /         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D)
            OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)
              FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM          TO

                            COMMISSION FILE NUMBER)
                                    1-10511
                             ---------------------

                        AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             DELAWARE                                    13-3527632
  (State or other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

                             Commission file number
                                     1-7612
                            ------------------------

                      AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                                    95-2111054
(State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)
8201 Preston Road, Dallas, Texas                          75225
(Address of principal executive                         (Zip Code)
            offices)

      (Registrants' telephone number, including area code) (214) 360-6300
                            ------------------------

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                        American Medical Holdings, Inc.:

(TITLE OF EACH CLASS)           (NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED)
- - - - ----------------------          -------------------------------------------
     COMMON STOCK                         NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     American Medical International, Inc.:
              8 1/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2008
              9 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2001
                                (Title of class)

    Indicate  by check mark  whether the Registrants (1)  have filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during  the preceding  12  months (or  for  such shorter  period  that the
Registrants were required to  file such reports), and  (2) have been subject  to
such  filing requirements for the past  90 days. American Medical Holdings, Inc.
 Yes _X_ No ____ . American Medical International, Inc.
Yes _X_ No ____ .

    As of November  18, 1993 there  were 76,987,204 shares  of American  Medical
Holdings,  Inc. Common Stock, $.01 par  value, outstanding. The aggregate market
value of Common  Stock held by  non-affiliates of the  registrant, based on  the
closing   price  of  these  shares  at  November  18,  1993,  was  approximately
$479,199,166. For the purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all  directors
and  executive officers and  principal stockholders of  the registrant have been
deemed affiliates.

    All  shares  of  Common   Stock,  $.01  par   value,  of  American   Medical
International, Inc. are held by American Medical Holdings, Inc.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
American Medical Holdings, Inc.'s definitive proxy statement for its 1994 Annual
                      Meeting of Stockholders....Part III

- - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                     INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    PAGE
                                                                                  REFERENCE
                                                                                  ---------
<S>       <C>                                                                     <C>
                                          PART I
Item 1.   Business..............................................................        1
Item 2.   Properties............................................................       12
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.....................................................       12
Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders...................       12
                                          PART II
Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder
          Matters...............................................................       14
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data...............................................       15
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
          Results of Operations.................................................       16
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data...........................       23
Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
          Financial Disclosure..................................................       23
                                         PART III
Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrants...................       23
Item 11.  Executive Compensation................................................       23
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management........       23
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions........................       23
                                          PART IV
Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K.......       23
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

    GENERAL

    American  Medical Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings") was organized in July, 1989 to
acquire American Medical International, Inc. ("AMI" and, together with Holdings,
the "Company"). As a result of this acquisition, Holdings is the owner of all of
the outstanding shares of common stock of AMI.

    The Company  is one  of the  leading hospital  management companies  in  the
United  States.  Generally,  the Company's  hospitals  provide a  full  range of
inpatient and  outpatient  services including  medical/surgical,  obstetric  and
diagnostic  services and  services provided  by intensive  care units, emergency
rooms,  laboratories  and  pharmacies.  The  Company  also  operates   ancillary
facilities  at each of its hospitals, such as ambulatory, occupational and rural
healthcare clinics. At August 31, 1993,  the Company operated 35 domestic  acute
care hospitals and one psychiatric hospital containing a total of 8,003 licensed
beds.  The Company's hospitals  are principally located in  the suburbs of major
metropolitan areas in 12 states including Texas, Florida and California. Through
broad networks including  health maintenance  organizations, preferred  provider
organizations,  insurers  and  employers,  the  Company  provides  high quality,
affordable  health  services  while  facing  the  challenge  of  containing  the
continually rising healthcare costs.

    Management  expects that the  Company's ongoing control  of costs emphasized
during fiscal  1993 will  provide the  Company a  competitive edge  to  increase
market  share notwithstanding  the presence  of a  managed care  environment. In
response to the  ever-changing healthcare  system, the  shift toward  outpatient
services,  the need  to reduce  provider costs  for acute-care  services and the
Clinton Administration's desire to provide  universal access to healthcare,  the
Company  is developing  physician networks  and alliances  with other healthcare
providers to create fully integrated healthcare delivery systems.

    Holdings and AMI are Delaware corporations with principal executive  offices
located  at  8201  Preston  Road,  Suite  300,  P.O.  Box  25651,  Dallas, Texas
75225-5651. The telephone number for Holdings  and AMI at such address is  (214)
360-6300. AMI was incorporated in 1957.

    PROPERTIES

    The  Company  owns  or  leases  and operates  the  following  35  acute care
hospitals and one psychiatric hospital.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           YEAR OF
                                                                                       CONSTRUCTION OR    NUMBER OF
                      NAME OF FACILITY                               LOCATION          RENOVATION (A)   LICENSED BEDS
- - - - ------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------------  ---------------  -------------
<S>                                                           <C>                      <C>              <C>
TEXAS
    Brownsville Medical Center                                Brownsville                     R 1984           168
    Mid-Jefferson Hospital                                    Nederland                       R 1981           126
    Nacogdoches Medical Center                                Nacogdoches                     C 1975           150
    Odessa Women's and Children's Hospital (b)                Odessa                          C 1975           100
    Park Place Hospital                                       Port Arthur                     R 1992           223
    Park Plaza Hospital                                       Houston                         R 1992           508
    Twelve Oaks Hospital                                      Houston                         R 1992           336
CALIFORNIA
    Encino Hospital (c)                                       Encino                          C 1954           181
    Garden Grove Hospital and Medical Center                  Garden Grove                    R 1983           175
    Medical Center of Irvine (d)                              Irvine                          C 1990           177
    Medical Center of North Hollywood                         North Hollywood                 R 1972           163
    San Dimas Community Hospital                              San Dimas                       C 1972            99
</TABLE>

                                       1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           YEAR OF
                                                                                       CONSTRUCTION OR    NUMBER OF
                      NAME OF FACILITY                               LOCATION          RENOVATION (A)   LICENSED BEDS
- - - - ------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------------  ---------------  -------------
    Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center                      San Luis Obispo                 C 1959           178
<S>                                                           <C>                      <C>              <C>
    South Bay Hospital (d)                                    Redondo Beach                   R 1986           208
    Tarzana Regional Medical Center (c)(d)                    Tarzana                         R 1992           210
FLORIDA
    Memorial Hospital of Tampa (b)                            Tampa                           R 1985           174
    North Ridge Medical Center                                Ft. Lauderdale                  C 1975           395
    Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center (d)                     Palm Beach Gardens              R 1988           204
    Palmetto General Hospital                                 Hialeah                         R 1989           360
    Town and Country Hospital                                 Tampa                           C 1981           201
ARKANSAS
    Central Arkansas Hospital                                 Searcy                          R 1983           169
    National Park Medical Center                              Hot Springs                     C 1985           155
    St. Mary's Regional Medical Center                        Russellville                    R 1992           144
NORTH CAROLINA
    Central Carolina Hospital                                 Sanford                         C 1981           137
    Frye Regional Medical Center (d)                          Hickory                         R 1982           275
SOUTH CAROLINA
    East Cooper Community Hospital                            Mount Pleasant                  C 1986           100
    Piedmont Medical Center                                   Rock Hill                       C 1983           268
MISSOURI
    Columbia Regional Hospital                                Columbia                        R 1987           301
    Lucy Lee Hospital (d)                                     Poplar Bluff                    C 1980           201
GEORGIA
    North Fulton Regional Hospital (d)                        Roswell                         R 1990           167
    Spalding Regional Hospital                                Griffin                         C 1989           160
NEBRASKA
    Saint Joseph Hospital                                     Omaha                           R 1990           423
    Saint Joseph Center for Mental Health (e)                 Omaha                           R 1992           161
OTHER
    Brookwood Medical Center                                  Birmingham, Alabama             R 1991           586
    St. Jude Medical Center (d)                               Kenner, Louisiana               C 1985           300
    Culver Union Hospital                                     Crawfordsville, Indiana         C 1984           120
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(a) The Company  incurs  capital  expenditures to  renovate  and/or  expand  the
    properties to accommodate new programs and to enhance the services provided.
    C=Year of Construction, R=Year of Renovation
(b) The Company owns a majority interest in these hospitals.
(c) These  hospitals are  operated pursuant to  a joint venture  organized as of
    January 1, 1993 with  HealthTrust Inc. -- The  Hospital Company. AMI is  the
    managing  partner for  the joint  venture and  has a  75% ownership interest
    therein.
(d) Property held under lease.
(e) Psychiatric hospital.
</TABLE>

    The Company  also  owns or  manages  medical office  buildings  and  related
healthcare  facilities associated  with 31 of  its hospitals as  well as certain
undeveloped properties.

                                       2
<PAGE>
    EMPLOYEES

    As of August 31,  1993, the Company had  approximately 28,200 employees,  of
which approximately 66% were full time employees. Two of the Company's hospitals
had  labor  contracts  covering  approximately 5%  of  the  Company's employees.
Management  believes  that  its  relations  with  its  employees  generally  are
satisfactory.

    MEDICAL STAFFS

    The  medical  staff  at  each hospital  generally  consists  of non-employee
physicians. There  is a  trend in  the healthcare  industry in  some regions  to
employ  physicians and where  appropriate, the Company's  hospitals have pursued
this option. Medical staff members of  the Company-owned hospitals that are  not
employees usually also serve on the medical staffs of hospitals not owned by the
Company  and may terminate their  relationships with the Company-owned hospitals
at any time.

    Rules and  regulations concerning  the medical  aspects of  each  hospital's
operations  are  adopted  and enforced  by  its  medical staff.  Such  rules and
regulations provide that the members of  the staff elect officers who,  together
with  additional physicians selected by them, supervise all medical and surgical
procedures and services. Their supervision  is subject to the general  oversight
of the hospital's Governing Board.

    QUALITY OF SERVICES

    Management  believes the quality of healthcare services is critical in order
to attract  and retain  top physicians  and  increase the  market share  of  the
Company's  hospitals. One of the  key mechanisms used to  monitor the quality of
care at  the Company's  hospitals is  a quality  assurance program  designed  to
measure   patient  satisfaction,  the  Patient  Satisfaction  Monitoring  System
("PSMS"). PSMS utilizes the  results of interviews  performed by an  independent
research  company  of  a  statistically determined  sample  group  of discharged
patients at each  hospital to  gather patient responses  regarding the  hospital
services  provided. Management uses the results as a tool to improve the quality
of patient services and satisfaction and believes PSMS has assisted the  Company
in successfully maintaining and improving the quality of healthcare as perceived
by  patients  and  their physicians  and  thereby contributing  to  improved net
revenues. PSMS  is also  used by  the Company  as one  of the  bases upon  which
hospital  executive  directors and  other  employees are  compensated  under the
Company's incentive compensation program.  Management believes that the  Company
was  the first in the industry to directly tie compensation to the attainment of
qualitative performance targets.

    The Company  has  recently developed  a  system  similar to  PSMS  which  is
designed  to measure physician satisfaction, the MD Satisfaction Survey. A pilot
program for this  survey has been  implemented at one  hospital and the  Company
plans  to make it available for use at each of the Company's hospitals in fiscal
1994.

    COMPETITION

    Generally, other  investor-owned and  non-profit  hospitals operate  in  the
local  markets in which  the Company participates and  provide services that are
similar to those offered by the Company's hospitals. Competition among hospitals
and other healthcare  providers in  the United  States has  increased in  recent
years  due to a decline  in occupancy rates resulting  from, among other things,
changes in  government  regulation  and reimbursement,  other  cost  containment
pressures, technology, and most recently, the healthcare reform plan proposed by
the Clinton Administration. Additionally, hospitals owned by government agencies
or  other  tax-exempt  entities  benefit  from  advantages  such  as endowments,
charitable contributions  and tax-exempt  financing,  which advantages  are  not
available to the Company's hospitals.

    Management  believes  that a  hospital's  competitive position  within local
markets is  affected by  various  factors including  the quality  of  healthcare
services  provided, pricing of healthcare  services, the hospital's location and
the types of services offered. The Company expects to improve the performance of
its  hospitals  by  (i)   expanding  physician  network  relationships   thereby
attracting and retaining

                                       3
<PAGE>
quality physician and medical personnel, (ii) increasing its emphasis on managed
care  contracting,  (iii)  developing  and  marketing  new  healthcare  services
targeted to the particular needs of the communities served by its hospitals, and
(iv) expanding profitable outpatient services.

    The competitive  position of  a  hospital is  increasingly affected  by  its
ability  to  negotiate  contracts  for  healthcare  services  with  managed care
organizations, including  health maintenance  organizations ("HMOs"),  preferred
provider  organizations  ("PPOs")  and  other  purchasers  of  group  healthcare
services. HMOs and PPOs attempt to  direct and control use of hospital  services
through  strict  utilization  management programs  and  by  negotiating provider
contracts with only one or  a limited number of  hospitals in each market  area.
The importance of negotiating with managed care organizations varies from market
to  market  depending on  the  market strength  of  such organizations.  In some
situations, hospitals  have agreed  to fixed  payments based  on the  number  of
managed  care  enrollees,  thereby  assuming  hospital  utilization  risk  (such
contracts are referred  to as capitated  contracts). Managed care  organizations
are  generally  able  to  obtain discounts  from  hospital  established charges.
Management believes that the Company is able to compete effectively for  managed
care  business in part  because of its relationships  with local physicians, its
hospital management teams, its attention to cost controls and quality of service
and its  strategies to  establish  service niches  in  markets served  by  other
hospitals.

    Merger   and  acquisition  activity  has   significantly  increased  in  the
healthcare industry involving  both investor-owned and  non-profit entities.  As
healthcare   reforms  announced  by  the  Clinton  Administration  take  effect,
management believes that it will become  more important for hospitals and  other
healthcare  providers  to  work  together to  form  fully  integrated healthcare
delivery systems and  thereby provide  the community and  marketplace with  high
quality, cost effective healthcare products and services. During fiscal 1993 the
Company  entered into an  agreement with HealthTrust,  Inc.-The Hospital Company
("HealthTrust") to jointly  operate AMI's  Tarzana Regional  Medical Center  and
HealthTrust's  Encino  Hospital.  Management  is  continually  evaluating  other
similar opportunities  and acquisitions  to  expand the  networks in  which  the
Company currently participates.

    SOURCES OF REVENUE

    The  sources of the Company's  hospital revenues are room  and board and the
provision of ancillary  medical services.  Room and board  represents the  basic
charges for the hospital room and related services, such as general nursing care
and  meals.  Ancillary medical  services represent  the  charges related  to the
medical support activities performed by  the hospital, such as X-rays,  physical
therapy  and laboratory procedures.  The Company receives  payments for services
rendered to patients from the federal government under Medicare and the Civilian
Health and Medical  Program of  Uniformed Services  ("CHAMPUS") programs,  state
governments under their respective Medicaid programs, managed care organizations
("contracted  services"), private insurers,  self-insured employers and directly
from patients. In addition to revenues received from such programs and patients,
the Company receives other  non-patient revenues (e.g.  cafeteria and gift  shop
revenues).  During fiscal 1991, the  Company also recognized revenues associated
with an HMO owned by the Company and divested in fiscal 1991.

    The following table presents  the percentage of net  revenues for the  three
years ended August 31 under each of the following programs:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                1993       1992       1991
                              ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Medicare/Medicaid                    38%        37%        32%
Contracted Services                  26         24         21
Non-contracted Services              33         37         37
Other Sources                         3          2         10
</TABLE>

    The  Company's hospital revenues received under Medicare, Medicaid, CHAMPUS,
Blue Cross  and from  payors  of contracted  services  are generally  less  than
customary  charges for the  services covered. Following  the initiative taken by
the federal government to control healthcare costs, other

                                       4
<PAGE>
major purchasers  of  healthcare,  including  states,  insurance  companies  and
employers,  are increasingly negotiating the amounts  they will pay for services
performed  rather  than  simply  paying  healthcare  providers  their  customary
charges.  Managed  care  programs  which offer  prepaid  and  discounted medical
service packages are  capturing an increasing  share of the  market, tending  to
reduce  the historical  rate of  growth of hospital  revenues. As  a result, new
kinds of healthcare strategies and  provider networks (e.g. physician  networks)
are continuing to emerge.

    Patients  are generally not responsible for any difference between customary
hospital charges and  amounts reimbursed under  Medicare, Medicaid, CHAMPUS  and
some  Blue Cross plans  or by payors  of contracted services  for such services,
except to the extent of any exclusions, deductibles or co-insurance features  of
their  coverage. In  recent years insurers  and other payors  have increased the
amount of such exclusions, deductibles and co-insurance generally increasing the
patient's financial  responsibility  to  directly pay  for  some  services.  The
increase  in the  self-pay portion of  a patient's  financial responsibility may
also increase the Company's uncollectible accounts.

    MEDICARE PROGRAM

    The Medicare program is a federal  healthcare program created by the  Social
Security  Act of 1965 (the "Social Security Act") to provide healthcare services
to the aged under a hospital insurance program ("Medicare Part A") and voluntary
supplementary medical insurance  program ("Medicare  Part B").  Medicare Part  A
provides  health insurance benefits  for covered inpatient  hospital and related
healthcare services  to most  persons  who are  age 65  years  or more  and  are
entitled  to monthly  Social Security  retirement or  survivor benefits,  to the
disabled, and to persons with end-stage renal disease. Medicare Part B  provides
voluntary  supplemental  medical  benefits  covering  primarily  outpatient  and
physician care costs for covered persons.

    The Medicare program has changed significantly since its enactment. In 1983,
Congress adopted a prospective payment system ("PPS") for reimbursement,  rather
than  a cost based system, to cover the routine and ancillary operating costs of
most  Medicare  inpatient  hospital   services.  Psychiatric,  long-term   care,
rehabilitation,  pediatric and certain designated  cancer research hospitals, as
well as  psychiatric  or rehabilitation  units  that  are distinct  parts  of  a
hospital,  are currently exempt from PPS and continue to be reimbursed on a cost
based system, subject to certain cost caps. It is uncertain what impact, if any,
the Clinton  Administration's  and  other  legislative  efforts  to  reform  the
healthcare system will have on the current method of Medicare reimbursement.

    Under  PPS, fixed payment  amounts per inpatient  discharge were established
based on the category  of the patient's treatment  known as a diagnosis  related
group  ("DRG"). DRG's classify  patients' treatments for  illnesses according to
the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to furnish care for each
principal diagnosis.  DRG  rates  have  been  established  for  each  individual
hospital   participating  in  the   Medicare  program  and   are  based  upon  a
statistically normal distribution of severity. Patients falling well outside the
normal distribution are afforded additional payments and defined as  "outliers".
Under  PPS, since  hospitals may  retain payments  in excess  of costs  but must
absorb costs in excess of such payments, the hospitals are encouraged to operate
at greater efficiency.

    DRG rates are updated and  recalibrated periodically and have been  affected
by  several  recent  Federal  enactments.  The index  used  by  the  Health Care
Financing Administration ("HCFA") to adjust the DRG rates gives consideration to
the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services ("market
basket"). However, for several years the  percentage increases to the DRG  rates
have been lower than the percentage increases in the costs of goods and services
purchased  by hospitals. The market basket  is adjusted each federal fiscal year
("FY") which begins on October 1. The market basket for FY 1993 was 4.1% and for
FY 1994 is at 4.3%.

    The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act  of 1990 ("OBRA-90") reduced  Medicare
DRG payments to healthcare providers in FY 1991 through 1993. The Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation  Act of 1993  ("OBRA-93") extended the  reduction through 1997. A
substantial number  of AMI's  hospitals are  classified as  urban hospitals  for
reimbursement   purposes.   The   net   updates   of   DRG   rates   for   large

                                       5
<PAGE>
urban and other  urban hospitals  are established  as follows:  FY 1993,  market
basket,  minus 1.55%; FY  1994 and FY  1995 market basket,  minus 2.5%; FY 1996,
market basket,  minus 2%;  and FY  1997, market  basket, minus  .5%.  Management
cannot  predict  how future  adjustments by  Congress and  HCFA will  affect the
profitability of its healthcare facilities.

    In OBRA-90, Congress also required the Secretary of the Department of Health
and  Human  Services  ("HHS")  to  develop   a  proposal  for  a  PPS  for   all
hospital-based outpatient services and inpatient psychiatric care. The Secretary
of  HHS' report,  which was due  on September  1, 1991, has  not been submitted.
Until such time as the  Secretary of HHS has developed  a PPS for all  hospital-
based outpatient services, OBRA-90 directs that payments for the reasonable cost
of  outpatient  hospital  services (other  than  for capital  related  costs) be
reimbursed at 94.2% of such reasonable costs for cost reporting periods  falling
within  FY 1991 through  FY 1995. OBRA-93  extended this reduction  from FY 1995
through FY 1998.

    MEDICARE REIMBURSEMENT FOR CAPITAL COSTS

    Capital related payments for  inpatient hospital services  were made at  the
rate  of 85% of  reasonable capital costs  during the period  January 1, 1991 to
September 30,  1991. Subsequent  to September  30, 1991  through FY  1995,  such
payments  are made  at the  rate of  90% of  reasonable capital  costs until PPS
becomes applicable to the hospital. The PPS capital costs reimbursement  applies
an  estimated national  average of  FY 1989  Medicare capital  costs per patient
discharge updated to FY 1992 by the estimated increase in Medicare capital costs
per discharge (the "Federal Rate"). PPS is applicable to cost reports  beginning
on or after October 1, 1991. Under PPS reimbursement a 10 year transition period
has  been established. A hospital  would be paid under  one of the following two
different payment methodologies during this transition period. A hospital with a
hospital-specific rate (the rate  established for a hospital  based on the  cost
report  ending on or before  December 31, 1990) below  the Federal rate would be
paid  on  a  fully  prospective   payment  methodology  and  hospitals  with   a
hospital-specific  rate  above  the  Federal  rate  would  be  paid  based  on a
hold-harmless payment methodology or 100  percent of the Federal rate  whichever
results  in  higher payment.  A  hospital would  be  paid under  one methodology
throughout the entire  transition. After  the transition  period, all  hospitals
would be paid the federal rate.

    The  impact of PPS capital reimbursement in the first two years has not been
material to Medicare capital reimbursement.  The hospital-specific rates for  FY
1993  increased .62% and for  FY 1994 the rate  decreased 2.16%. The established
Federal Rate in FY 1992 was $415.59, for FY 1993 the rate was increased by  .41%
to  $417.29 and for FY 1994 the rate was reduced by 9.33% to $378.34. Management
believes that the decrease in the  rate of reimbursement for capital costs  will
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.

    MEDICAID PROGRAM

    The  Medicaid program,  created by the  Social Security Act,  is designed to
provide medical assistance to individuals unable  to afford care. Medicaid is  a
joint  federal  and  state  program  in  which  states  voluntarily participate.
Reimbursement rates under  the Medicaid  program are set  by each  participating
state, and rates and covered services may vary from state to state. Depending on
the average income per person in a state, at least 50% of Medicaid funding comes
from  the federal  government, with  the balance shared  by the  state and local
governments. The  amount  of  the  federal share  is  called  Federal  Financial
Participation ("FFP"). Each of the Company's facilities is currently an eligible
Medicaid  provider, although certain of the Company's hospitals do not currently
participate  as  providers  of  services  in  their  respective  state  Medicaid
programs.

    The Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1981 permitted each state to determine new
reimbursement rates for Medicaid inpatient hospital services that are reasonable
and  adequate  to meet  the  costs which  must  be incurred  by  efficiently and
economically operated  facilities and  to assure  access to  inpatient  hospital
services  by  Medicaid recipients.  Providers  must accept  Medicaid  payment as
payment in full for  healthcare services provided  to Medicaid patients.  Actual
payment  rates and the methodologies for  determining such rates vary from state
to state. For example, in Texas, Medicaid

                                       6
<PAGE>
inpatient services  are reimbursed  on a  DRG based  system, while  in  Florida,
Medicaid  inpatient services  are reimbursed on  a per  diem prospective payment
system. In many instances,  Medicaid reimbursement does  not cover a  hospital's
costs in providing services to Medicaid recipients.

    The  Company operates hospitals in some  states that currently levy taxes on
healthcare providers or use  healthcare provider donations  to meet the  state's
share  of medical assistance expenditures. HCFA issued a final rule on September
13, 1993 whereby funds donated from Medicaid providers and expenditures that are
attributable  to  provider-specific   state  taxes  be   offset  from   Medicaid
expenditures incurred on or after January 1, 1992, before calculating the amount
of  the federal share of FFP. The  Company has historically participated in such
programs and  has received  reimbursement to  offset a  portion of  the cost  of
services  provided to indigent patients. Although  management believes that as a
result of the  final rule such  reimbursement will be  reduced, steps have  been
taken to offset the anticipated reduction in reimbursement.

    The   Medicare  and  Medicaid  programs   have  been  subject  to  continual
modification through legislative acts and both federal and state  administrative
initiatives.  The federal  or state governments  might in the  future reduce the
funds available  under  these programs  or  require more  stringent  utilization
review of hospital facilities. Such actions could have a material adverse impact
on the Company's financial condition and results of operations.

    CHAMPUS

    The  Company's hospitals are reimbursed  by the federal government's CHAMPUS
program for care  provided to  United States military  retirees and  dependents.
CHAMPUS  pays for inpatient acute hospital care  on the basis of a prospectively
determined rate  applied on  a per  discharge basis  using DRGs  similar to  the
Medicare  system.  At this  time,  inpatient psychiatric  hospital  services are
reimbursed on an individual hospital's per  diem rate calculated based upon  the
hospital's  prior cost  experience. There can  be no assurance  that the CHAMPUS
program will continue per diem  reimbursement for psychiatric hospital  services
in the future.

    CONTRACTED BUSINESS

    Healthcare  reform  has  been the  centerpiece  of domestic  policy  for the
Clinton  Administration.   Integral  to   all  proposals   put  forth   by   the
Administration  and Congress  has been the  increase in the  utilization of some
form of  managed  care.  Managed care  arrangements  have  typically  reimbursed
providers  based on a percent  of charges or on a  per diem basis with stop-loss
provisions for high severity cases. In more developed markets such as California
and Florida, the  Company's hospitals  are now  entering into  risk sharing,  or
capitated,  arrangements. These arrangements  reimburse the hospital  based on a
fixed fee per participant in a managed care plan with the hospital assuming  the
cost   of  services  provided,  regardless  of  the  level  of  utilization.  If
utilization  is  higher  than  anticipated  and/or  costs  are  not  effectively
controlled, such arrangements could produce low or negative operating margins.

    COMMERCIAL INSURANCE

    The  Company's hospitals provide services  to individuals covered by private
healthcare insurance. Private insurance  carriers either reimburse their  policy
holders  or  make  direct payment  to  the  Company's hospitals  based  upon the
particular hospital's established charges  and the particular coverage  provided
in  the  insurance policy.  Blue Cross  is a  healthcare financing  program that
provides  its   subscribers   with   hospital   benefits   through   independent
organizations  that vary from  state to state. The  Company's hospitals are paid
directly by  local Blue  Cross organizations  on  the basis  agreed to  by  each
hospital  and Blue Cross by  a written contract. In  some states, the local Blue
Cross affiliate is  believed to be  experiencing financial difficulty;  however,
management  does  not  believe  that  such  difficulties  represent  a  material
financial exposure to the Company.

                                       7
<PAGE>
    Recently, several commercial insurers have  undertaken efforts to limit  the
costs  of hospital services by adopting PPS  or DRG based systems. To the extent
such efforts are successful, and to  the extent that the insurers' systems  fail
to   reimburse  hospitals  for   the  costs  of   providing  services  to  their
beneficiaries, such efforts  may have a  negative impact on  the hospitals'  net
revenue.

REGULATION

    LICENSURE, CERTIFICATION AND ACCREDITATION

    Healthcare  facility construction and operation is subject to federal, state
and local  regulation  relating to  the  adequacy of  medical  care,  equipment,
personnel,  operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and
compliance with building codes and environmental protection laws. Facilities are
subject to periodic inspection by  governmental and other authorities to  assure
continued  compliance  with the  various standards  necessary for  licensing and
accreditation.  Management  believes  that  all  of  the  Company's   healthcare
facilities  are properly licensed under appropriate state laws and are certified
under the  Medicare  program  or  are accredited  by  the  Joint  Commission  on
Accreditation  of Health Care Organizations  ("Joint Commission"), the effect of
which is to permit  the facilities to participate  in the Medicare and  Medicaid
programs.  Should  any  facility  lose its  Joint  Commission  accreditation, or
otherwise lose its certification under the Medicare program, the facility  would
be  unable to  receive reimbursement  from the  Medicare and  Medicaid programs.
Management  believes  that  the   Company's  facilities  are  substantially   in
compliance  with current applicable federal, state, local and independent review
body regulations and  standards. The requirements  for licensure,  certification
and  accreditation are subject to  change and, in order  to remain qualified, it
may be necessary for the Company to effect changes in its facilities, equipment,
personnel  and  services.   Although  the  Company   intends  to  continue   its
qualification,  there is no assurance that its  hospitals will be able to comply
in the future.

    CERTIFICATES OF NEED

    The construction of new facilities, the acquisition of existing  facilities,
and  the addition of new beds or  services may be reviewable by state regulatory
agencies under a program  frequently referred to as  a Certificate of Need.  The
Company  operates hospitals in nine states that require state approval under the
Certificate of  Need  program. Such  laws  generally require  appropriate  state
agency determination of public need and approval prior to beds or services being
added,  or a  related capital  amount being  spent. Failure  to obtain necessary
state approval can result in the inability to complete an acquisition or  change
of ownership, the imposition of civil or, in some cases, criminal sanctions, the
inability to receive Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement and/or the revocation of
a facility's license.

    UTILIZATION REVIEW

    In order to ensure efficient utilization of facilities and services, federal
regulations  require that  admissions to  and the  utilization of  facilities by
Medicare and Medicaid patients  be reviewed periodically  by a federally  funded
Peer Review Organization ("PRO").

    Pursuant  to federal law,  the PRO must review  the need for hospitalization
and the utilization of  services, and may, where  appropriate, deny payment  for
services  provided. Each of  the Company's facilities has  contracted with a PRO
and  has  had  in  effect  a   quality  assurance  program  that  provides   for
retrospective  patient care evaluation and utilization  review. While no PRO has
taken adverse action against any of the Company's hospitals to date, PRO  review
can  result in denial of payment for  services, recoupment of monies paid to the
hospital, assessment  of  fines or  exclusion  from the  Medicare  and  Medicaid
programs.

    STATE RATE-SETTING ACTIVITY

    The  Company currently operates five facilities in Florida wherein the state
has mandated  hospital  rate-setting.  Under Florida  law,  the  maximum  annual
percentage any hospital may increase its revenue per admission is limited to the
hospital's  prior year actual revenue per adjusted admission inflated forward by
the hospital's  applicable current  year's maximum  allowable rate  of  increase
("MARI") or the Health Care Cost Containment Board-approved budgeted revenue per
adjusted

                                       8
<PAGE>
admission.  The MARI  is the  maximum rate  at which  a hospital  is expected to
increase its average  revenue per  adjusted admission  for a  given period.  The
Health  Care  Cost  Containment  Board, using  the  most  recent  audited actual
experience for each hospital, calculates the MARI for each hospital based on the
projected rate  of  increase  in  the  market  basket  index,  adjusted  by  the
hospital's  percentage  of Medicare,  Medicaid and  charity  care days  plus two
percentage points. As a  result, in Florida, the  Company's ability to  increase
its  rates to compensate for  increased costs per admission  is limited, and the
Company's operating  margin at  Florida facilities  may be  adversely  affected.
There  can  be no  assurance that  other  states in  which the  Company operates
hospitals will not enact rate-setting provisions as well.

    FEDERAL LEGISLATION AND RULE-MAKING

    The Medicare and Medicaid Antifraud and Abuse Amendments (the  "Amendments")
are  codified under  Section 1128B  of the  Social Security  Act. The Amendments
provide criminal  penalties  for  individuals or  entities  that  knowingly  and
willfully  offer, pay, solicit or  receive remuneration of any  kind in order to
induce referrals for goods  or services reimbursed under  the Medicare or  state
Medicaid  programs. The  statute on  its face  is very  broad with  the types of
remuneration covered including  kickbacks, bribes and  rebates made directly  or
indirectly,  overtly or otherwise,  in cash or in  kind. In addition, prohibited
conduct includes  remuneration  intended  to  induce  the  purchasing,  leasing,
ordering  or arranging for any good, facility or service paid for by Medicare or
state Medicaid programs. In addition to  felony criminal penalties (fines of  up
to  $25,000 and imprisonment for up to  five years per referral), the Amendments
also establish civil  monetary penalties  and sanctions  of excluding  violators
from  Medicare and Medicaid  participation. The Office  of the Inspector General
("OIG") has taken the position that  where physicians hold other than bona  fide
ownership  interests  in healthcare  providers  (e.g., where  such  ownership is
intended to encourage the  physicians to utilize the  services of the entity  in
which they have invested) such ownership arrangements violate the Amendments.

    In  recent  years, the  courts have  suggested that  any direct  or indirect
payment or other financial benefit conferred upon a physician or other  referral
source  may violate the statute if one purpose  of any portion of the payment is
to induce the physician to refer  patients to the entity providing the  benefit.
Healthcare  providers  are concerned  that  many relatively  innocuous,  or even
beneficial, commercial arrangements  are technically covered  by the  Amendments
and  are, therefore, subject to potential criminal prosecution. The Medicare and
Medicaid Patient and  Program Protection Act  of 1987 added  two new  provisions
specifically addressing the anti-kickback statute. They first authorized the OIG
to  exclude  an individual  or  entity from  participation  in the  Medicare and
Medicaid programs if it is determined through an administrative process that the
party has engaged  in a  prohibited remuneration scheme.  In addition,  Congress
directed  the HHS to develop regulations specifying those payment practices that
will not  be  subject  to criminal  prosecution  and  not provide  a  basis  for
exclusion  from  the  Medicare  and Medicaid  programs  ("safe  harbors"). Final
regulations were published on July 29, 1991 in the Federal Register.  Additional
safe  harbors were proposed, with  a 60 day public  comment period, on September
21, 1993. The proposed rule offers protection for investment interests in  rural
areas,  ambulatory surgical centers, and group practices composed exclusively of
active  investors;  practitioner   recruitment  in   rural  areas;   obstetrical
malpractice  insurance subsidies; referral  arrangements for specialty services;
and cooperative hospital service organizations.

    Among the  criteria contained  in  the final  regulations are  criteria  for
investments,  leasing, purchasing and ordering arrangements which would apply to
the Company's facilities. The additional proposed regulations will also  provide
a safe harbor for physician recruitment by facilities in certain rural areas. If
adopted,  such a safe harbor  provision would apply to  certain of the Company's
facilities.  Arrangements   with   referring   physicians   involving   leasing,
purchasing,  ordering and recruitment would  not constitute illegal remuneration
so long as all of the criteria set  forth in the safe harbors are met.  However,
the  fact that each provision  of such arrangements does  not fall within one of
the  applicable  safe  harbor  criteria  does  not  necessarily  mean  that  the
arrangement is illegal.

                                       9
<PAGE>
    In   order  to  prevent  hospitals  from  entering  into  arrangements  with
physicians that increase  the physician  payment from Medicare  or Medicaid,  in
January  1991, the OIG issued a management advisory report identifying potential
violations of the antifraud and abuse statute with respect to certain  financial
arrangements  between hospitals and hospital-based physicians. Specifically, the
report stated that financial agreements that require physicians to pay more than
the fair market value for services  provided by the hospital or that  compensate
physicians  for less than the fair market  value of goods and services that they
provide to hospitals  create potential  liability for  physicians and  hospitals
engaged in these actions.

    In  May  1992,  the OIG  issued  a  special fraud  alert  regarding hospital
incentives  to  physicians.  The   alert  identified  the  following   incentive
arrangements   which,  if  present,  are  indications  of  potentially  unlawful
activity: (a) payment  of any  sort of  incentive by  the hospital  each time  a
physician refers a patient to the hospital, (b) the use of free or significantly
discounted office space or equipment (in facilities usually located close to the
hospital), (c) provision of free or significantly discounted billing, nursing or
other  staff services, (d) free training for a physician's office staff in areas
such as  management  techniques,  CPT  coding  and  laboratory  techniques,  (e)
guarantees  which  provide that,  if  the physician's  income  fails to  reach a
predetermined level, the hospital will supplement the remainder up to a  certain
amount,  (f)  low-interest  or  interest-free  loans,  or  loans  which  may  be
"forgiven" if a physician  refers patients (or some  number of patients) to  the
hospital,  (g) payment  of the  costs of a  physician's travel  and expenses for
conferences, (h)  coverage on  hospital's  group health  insurance plans  at  an
inappropriately  low cost to  the physician and (i)  payment for services (which
may  include  consultations  at  the  hospital)  which  require  few,  if   any,
substantive  duties by the physician,  or payment for services  in excess of the
fair market value of services rendered.

    Certain of  the Company's  current financial  arrangements with  physicians,
including joint ventures, may not qualify for the current safe harbor exemptions
and,  as a result, such arrangements risk scrutiny by the OIG and may be subject
to enforcement action. As indicated above, the failure of these arrangements  to
satisfy  all of the conditions  of the applicable safe  harbor criteria does not
mean that the arrangements are  illegal. Nevertheless, certain of the  Company's
current  financial arrangements  with physicians, including  joint ventures, and
the  Company's  future  development  of  joint  ventures  and  other   financial
arrangements with physicians, could be adversely affected by the failure of such
arrangements  to comply with the safe harbor regulations, or the future adoption
of other legislation or regulation in these areas.

    Under provisions  of the  OBRA-89  and OBRA-90,  referrals of  Medicare  and
Medicaid  patients to clinical laboratories with which a referring physician has
a financial relationship are prohibited effective January 1, 1991. As of January
1, 1992, any claim for payment submitted to Medicare by a provider must identify
the name  and provider  number  of the  referring  physician and  must  indicate
whether  the physician has an ownership  or other financial arrangement with the
provider.

    In addition,  under the  provisions of  OBRA-93, referrals  of Medicare  and
Medicaid patients to certain "designated health services" with which a referring
physician has a financial relationship will be prohibited as of January 1, 1995.
These  designated health  services include  the following:  clinical laboratory;
physical and  occupational  therapy  services;  radiology  or  other  diagnostic
services;  radiation therapy services; durable medical equipment; parenteral and
enteral nutrients, equipment and supplies; prosthetics, orthotics and prosthetic
devices; home health services; outpatient prescription drugs; and inpatient  and
outpatient hospital services. There are a number of exceptions that may apply to
the  compensation arrangements under which the Company's facility contracts with
certain  of  its  physicians  including  exceptions  for  bona  fide  employment
relationships,   personal  service   arrangements,  and   physician  recruitment
arrangements.

    The Social Security Act also imposes criminal and civil penalties for making
false claims  to  Medicare  and  Medicaid  for  services  not  rendered  or  for
misrepresenting actual services rendered in

                                       10
<PAGE>
order to obtain higher reimbursement. Like the antifraud and abuse statute, this
statute  is very broad. Careful and  accurate coding of claims for reimbursement
must be performed to avoid liability under the false claims statutes.

    Management exercises care in  an effort to  structure its arrangements  with
physicians  to comply in  all material respects with  these laws, and management
believes that the Company is in  compliance with the Amendments, however,  there
can  be no assurance  that (i) government  officials charged with responsibility
for enforcing  the prohibitions  of  the Amendments  will  not assert  that  the
Company  or certain transactions in which it is involved are in violation of the
Amendments; or (ii) courts will interpret the Amendments in a manner  consistent
with the practices of the Company.

    STATE LEGISLATION

    Certain  states  in which  the Company's  facilities  are located  also have
enacted statutes which prohibit the payment of kickbacks, bribes and rebates for
the referral of patients.  Many of these statutes  have provisions that  closely
follow  the federal statutes described above, and there have been few actions or
interpretations made under such provisions. Management believes that the Company
is in substantial compliance with such laws; however, there can be no  assurance
that  government officials who  have the responsibility  for enforcing such laws
will not assert that the Company or certain transactions in which the Company is
involved are in violation  of such laws,  or that such  laws will ultimately  be
interpreted  by  the  government  officials  in  a  manner  consistent  with the
practices of the Company.

    GENERAL REGULATION

    The  Company  is  committed  to  providing  its  employees  with  an   equal
opportunity  work environment that is free  from discrimination. In keeping with
this commitment,  the  Company ensures  that  all human  resource  programs  are
administered  without regard to  race, religion, color,  national origin, sex or
age.  Furthermore,  the  Company  embraces   and  complies  with  the   American
Disabilities  Act of 1990 (ADA) and the  1993 Family and Medical Leave Act. Such
human resource programs include, but are not limited to, compensation, benefits,
application of Company policies, company-sponsored training, educational, social
and recreational programs. Additionally, in accordance with the ADA,  management
believes  the  Company's  facilities  are  constructed  to  accommodate disabled
persons within the reasonableness test of the ADA.

    The Company is  subject to  various federal,  state and  local statutes  and
ordinances   regulating  the  discharge  of   materials  into  the  environment.
Management does not  believe that  the Company will  be required  to expend  any
material  amounts in  order to  comply with these  laws and  regulations or that
compliance  will  materially  affect  its  capital  expenditures,  earnings   or
competitive position.

    PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY

    As  is typical in the healthcare industry,  the Company is subject to claims
and legal actions by  patients in the ordinary  course of business. The  Company
self-insures  the  professional and  general liability  claims  for nine  of its
hospitals up to $500,000  per occurrence and  for 25 of its  hospitals up to  $3
million per occurrence. Prior to June, 1993 the self-insured retention for these
25  hospitals  was  $5 million  per  occurrence. Coverage  for  professional and
general liability claims for the Company's two remaining hospitals is maintained
with outside insurance carriers.

    The Company owns a 35% equity interest in an insurance company which insures
the excess professional and  general liability risks  for those hospitals  which
are  self-insured. The  excess coverage  provided by  this insurance  company is
limited to  $25  million per  claim.  The Company  purchases  additional  excess
insurance  from  a  commercial carrier.  For  the  period from  January  1986 to
February 1991  the  Company had  no  excess coverage  for  the majority  of  its
hospitals.  However, in  March 1991  the Company  purchased prior  acts coverage
which substantially  reduces  the  uninsured liability  for  risks  during  this
period.

    The  Company maintains  an unfunded  reserve for  its professional liability
risks which is based, in part,  on actuarial estimates calculated and  evaluated
by an independent actuary. Actual hospital

                                       11
<PAGE>
professional  and  general  liability  costs for  a  particular  period  are not
normally known  for several  years after  the  period has  ended. The  delay  in
determining  the actual cost associated  with a particular period  is due to the
time between  the occurrence  of  an incident,  the  reporting thereof  and  the
settlement  of related  claims. Because of  this delay in  payment, reserves for
losses and related expenses, using  expected loss reporting patterns  determined
in  conjunction with  the actuary, are  discounted using  a rate of  9% to their
present value. Adjustments to the total reserves determined in conjunction  with
the  actuary on an  annual basis are recorded  by the Company  as an increase or
decrease in the current year's  earnings. Management considers such reserves  to
be  adequate for professional liability risks.  Any losses incurred in excess of
the established  reserve  will be  reflected  as a  charge  to earnings  of  the
Company.  Any losses incurred within the Company's self-insurance limits will be
paid out of the  Company's cash from operations.  While the Company's cash  from
operations  has been  adequate to provide  for alleged  and unforeseen liability
claims in the past, there can be no assurance that the Company's cash flow  will
continue to be adequate to cover such claims.

                         SEGMENT OPERATING INFORMATION

    Holdings'  only material business segment is "healthcare," which contributed
substantially all of  its revenues  and operating  profits in  fiscal 1993.  The
Company's healthcare business is conducted in the United States.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

    See "Item 1. Business."

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    Holdings  and AMI are  subject to claims  and suits arising  in the ordinary
course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of all
pending legal  proceedings  will not  have  a  material adverse  effect  on  the
business or financial condition of Holdings or AMI.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    None.

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               NAME                    AGE                         POSITIONS WITH HOLDINGS AND AMI
- - - - ----------------------------------  ---------  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>        <C>
Robert W. O'Leary                      49      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since July 1991; President and
                                                Chief Executive Officer of Voluntary Hospitals of America, Inc.
                                                ("VHA"), a hospital alliance representing approximately 850 domestic
                                                hospitals from 1989 to June 1991; President and Chief Executive
                                                Officer of St. Joseph Health System ("SJHS"), a multi-hospital,
                                                multi-purpose health services organization from 1983 to 1989.
John T. Casey                          48      President and Chief Operating Officer since November 1991; President
                                                and Chief Executive Officer of The Samaritan Foundation ("Samaritan"),
                                                the ninth largest private healthcare system in the United States from
                                                March 1990 to November 1991; President and Chief Executive Officer,
                                                Methodist Health Systems ("MHS"), a regional healthcare system from
                                                1987 to 1990.
</TABLE>

                                       12
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               NAME                    AGE                         POSITIONS WITH HOLDINGS AND AMI
- - - - ----------------------------------  ---------  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>        <C>
Alan J. Chamison                       53      Executive Vice President since September 1991 and Chief Financial
                                                Officer since February 1992; Chief Administrative Officer of VHA from
                                                January 1990 to September 1991 and a Director and the Interim
                                                President and Chief Executive Officer of VHA Enterprises, Inc., an
                                                affiliate of VHA, from September 1989 to September 1991; Senior Vice
                                                President of SJHS from May 1983 to September 1989.
O. Edwin French                        47      Senior Vice President since January 1992; Executive Vice President of
                                                Samaritan from March 1991 to December 1991; Senior Vice President of
                                                MHS from July 1985 to March 1991.
W. Randolph Smith                      45      Executive Vice President, Operations since September 1990; Senior Vice
                                                President, Chief Administrative Officer from February 1990 to August
                                                1990; Senior Vice President and Acting Chief Financial Officer from
                                                November 1989 to January 1990; Corporate Vice President and Acting
                                                Chief Financial Officer from July 1989 to November 1989; Corporate
                                                Vice President and Director, Operations from 1987 to 1989; Vice
                                                President and Assistant Regional Director, Southern Region from 1986
                                                to 1987; Vice President and Regional Director, Mid-Atlantic Region
                                                from 1985 to 1986; Executive Director, Brookwood Medical Center from
                                                1983 to 1985.
Lawrence N. Kugelman                   51      Executive Vice President and California Regional Director since January
                                                1993; Executive Director of Sisters of St. Joseph Foundation from July
                                                1992 to December 1992; President and CEO of The Health Plan of America
                                                from September 1986 to June 1992.
Terry H. Linn                          45      Vice President, Development since June 1993; Partner of Ernst & Young
                                                (previously Ernst & Ernst) a public accounting firm, from 1980 to
                                                1993.
</TABLE>

                                       13
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS.

    Holdings'  common stock is  traded on the New  York Stock Exchange. Holdings
owns all of AMI's  issued and outstanding  common stock and  such shares are  no
longer publicly traded. The following table indicates the quarterly high and low
sales  prices of Holdings'  common stock for  the period from  September 1, 1991
through August 31,  1993. Certain  covenants in  the Company's  bank credit  and
other  financing agreements restrict the payment  of cash dividends on Holdings'
common stock (See Item 14(a), Note 3 to the Financial Statements). No  dividends
were  paid  on Holdings'  common  stock for  the  periods presented.  (See "Item
7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis  of Financial Condition and Results  of
Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources").

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Sales Price
                                                                             ------------------
                                                                              HIGH        LOW
                                                                             -------    -------
<S>                                                                          <C>        <C>
1993
  First Quarter............................................................. $10 7/8    $ 8
  Second Quarter............................................................  13 3/4     10 5/8
  Third Quarter.............................................................  11 5/8      9 7/8
  Fourth Quarter............................................................  14         10 1/4
1992
  First Quarter............................................................. $10 5/8    $ 7 1/8
  Second Quarter............................................................  11 5/8      7 3/4
  Third Quarter.............................................................  10 1/2      8 5/8
  Fourth Quarter............................................................  10 3/8      7
</TABLE>

    There  were 13,408 holders of record of  Holdings' shares as of November 18,
1993.

                                       14
<PAGE>
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                          FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                    (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                   FOR THE TWO
                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,                                            MONTHS
                           ----------------------------------------------------------------   FOR THE TEN MONTHS      ENDED
                                                                                               ENDED AUGUST 31,    OCTOBER 31,
                                   1993                  1992                  1991                  1990             1989
                           --------------------  --------------------  --------------------  --------------------  -----------
                           HOLDINGS(1)  AMI(2)   HOLDINGS(3)  AMI(4)    HOLDINGS     AMI     HOLDINGS(5)  AMI(6)     AMI(7)
                           ----------  --------  ----------  --------  ----------  --------  ----------  --------  -----------
<S>                        <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>
Operating Results
  Net Revenues...........  $ 2,238.5   $2,238.5  $ 2,237.9   $2,237.9  $  2,545.9  $2,288.6  $ 2,052.4   $1,902.6  $    480.9
  Net Income (loss)......  $    41.5   $   41.5  $    99.6   $   99.6  $    (19.0) $   (1.8) $   (13.7 ) $  (15.3) $    (68.6)
  Net Income (loss) per
   share.................  $     .54     N/A     $    1.30     N/A     $     (.38)   N/A     $    (.27 )   N/A     $     (.98)
  Shares of stock used to
   calculate earnings
   (loss) per common and
   common equivalent
   share.................  76,760,000    N/A     76,645,000    N/A     50,698,000    N/A     50,080,000    N/A     70,153,000
  Cash dividends declared
   per share.............  $  --         N/A     $  --         N/A     $   --        N/A     $  --         N/A     $   --
Other Data
  Working Capital........  $  (140.0 ) $ (140.0) $  (222.2 ) $ (222.2) $   (263.4) $ (243.0) $  (313.4 ) $ (289.6)    N/A
  Net book value of
   property and
   equipment.............  $ 1,404.2   $1,404.2  $ 1,394.3   $1,394.3  $  1,454.6  $1,413.8  $ 1,697.0   $1,531.9     N/A
  Total assets...........  $ 2,868.4   $2,868.4  $ 2,963.3   $2,963.3  $  3,153.5  $3,199.6  $ 3,595.7   $3,382.3     N/A
  Long-term debt and
   convertible
   subordinated debt.....  $ 1,294.2   $1,294.2  $ 1,343.7   $1,343.7  $  1,613.3  $1,564.6  $ 2,246.4   $2,066.8     N/A
  Common stock subject to
   repurchase
   obligations...........  $     6.1   $  --     $     4.3   $  --     $      7.4  $  --     $     6.6   $  --        N/A
  Shareholder's equity...  $   697.8   $  703.9  $   663.7   $  668.0  $    552.2  $  551.1  $   332.0   $  312.0     N/A
  Book value per share...  $    9.08   $   9.71  $    8.66   $   9.22  $     7.30  $   7.60  $    6.63   $   4.30     N/A

<CAPTION>

                            FOR THE
                           YEAR ENDED
                           AUGUST 31,
                              1989
                           ----------
                             AMI(8)
                           ----------
<S>                        <C>
Operating Results
  Net Revenues...........  $ 2,740.4
  Net Income (loss)......  $   (12.8 )
  Net Income (loss) per
   share.................  $    (.18 )
  Shares of stock used to
   calculate earnings
   (loss) per common and
   common equivalent
   share.................  70,137,000
  Cash dividends declared
   per share.............  $     .36
Other Data
  Working Capital........  $    (8.7 )
  Net book value of
   property and
   equipment.............  $ 2,133.4
  Total assets...........  $ 3,214.5
  Long-term debt and
   convertible
   subordinated debt.....  $ 1,552.8
  Common stock subject to
   repurchase
   obligations...........  $  --
  Shareholder's equity...  $   713.2
  Book value per share...  $   10.20
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------------
(1)   Operating results for fiscal 1993 reflect  the impact of $25.4 million  or
      $.33 per share for an extraordinary charge for the repurchase of debt.
(2)   Operating  results for fiscal 1993 reflect the impact of $25.4 million for
      an extraordinary charge for the repurchase of debt.
(3)   Operating results for fiscal 1992 reflect the impact of the $119.8 million
      gain ($80.7 million net of tax or $1.05 per share) on the sale of  certain
      securities  of  EPIC Healthcare  Group, Inc.  and  EPIC Holdings,  Inc. In
      addition, the impact of $10 million or $.13 per share for an extraordinary
      charge for the repurchase of debt has been reflected in operating  results
      for fiscal 1992.
(4)   Operating results for fiscal 1992 reflect the impact of the $119.8 million
      gain  ($80.7 million net of tax) on the sale of certain securities of EPIC
      Healthcare Group, Inc. and EPIC Holdings, Inc. In addition, the impact  of
      $10  million for  an extraordinary charge  for the repurchase  of debt has
      been reflected in operating results for fiscal 1992.
(5)   Operating results for Holdings  for the ten months  ended August 31,  1990
      reflect the elimination of net revenues, loss before taxes and net loss of
      $320.9  million, $35.1 million and $23.1 million, respectively, for assets
      sold or under binding agreement to sell as of August 31, 1990.
(6)   Operating results for AMI for the ten months ended August 31, 1990 reflect
      the elimination of net revenues, loss before taxes and net loss of  $257.5
      million,  $26.7 million, and $17.6  million, respectively, for assets sold
      or under binding agreement to sell as of August 31, 1990.
(7)   Operating results for the  two months ended October  31, 1989 reflect  the
      impact  of $128.2 million ($83.3 million net of tax or $1.19 per share) in
      merger costs.
(8)   Operating results for fiscal 1989  reflect the impact of asset  writedowns
      and  additions to reserves of $128.5 million  ($79.7 million net of tax or
      $1.13 per share).
</TABLE>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       15
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    In fiscal 1993, the Company invested $116.3 million in capital  expenditures
and  as  of August  31, 1993,  had approximately  $22.5 million  of construction
commitments outstanding. Such capital expenditures and construction  commitments
are  for  new construction  and renovations  to  facilitate and  accommodate new
programs, including outpatient surgery  centers, thereby enhancing the  services
provided.  The  Company  intends  to  continue to  invest  in  new  and existing
facilities within  the  healthcare  business,  however,  the  terms  of  certain
indebtedness  limit the Company's  ability to make  capital expenditures. Fiscal
1993 capital  expenditures,  excluding  capitalized interest,  were  limited  to
approximately   $182.1  million  which  included   $54.0  million  in  available
carryforwards. Capital expenditure  limitations excluding capitalized  interest,
are  approximately $225 million in fiscal  1994, $225 million plus carryforwards
for fiscal 1995  and $200 million  plus carryforwards thereafter.  Additionally,
the  Company is authorized to use up  to $150 million for acquisitions in fiscal
1994.

    The Company's balance  sheet was  improved during fiscal  1993 as  long-term
debt  decreased. The long-term debt balance at  August 31, 1993 was $1.3 billion
compared to $1.5 billion at August 31, 1992 and $1.7 billion at August 31, 1991.
The continued  use of  cash provided  by operating  activities, short-term  cash
investments and refinancing of outstanding indebtedness were the primary sources
used to repay $654 million of long-term debt.

    In  August  1993,  the  Company refinanced  its  then  existing  bank credit
facilities with a  reducing revolving credit  facility (the "Reducing  Revolving
Credit Facility") under which the Company may borrow up to, and have outstanding
thereunder,  $600 million until December 1995, at which time such amount reduces
on a quarterly basis through September  1997 to $300 million with the  remaining
amount  outstanding  thereunder  becoming  due and  payable  in  September 1998.
Initial proceeds of $305 million were drawn under the Reducing Revolving  Credit
Facility  to repay  amounts outstanding under  the Company's  then existing bank
credit facilities. As of August 31, 1993, $287 million was outstanding under the
Reducing Revolving Credit Facility. During fiscal 1993, the Company also  issued
$150  million principal amount of 9 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2006. The
net proceeds of  the 9  1/2% Senior  Subordinated Notes  Due 2006  were used  to
repurchase  a  portion of  the 13  1/2%  Senior Subordinated  Notes Due  2001, a
portion of the 15% Junior Subordinated Discount Debentures Due 2005 and  certain
other   indebtedness  with  an  aggregate  principal  amount  of  $121  million.
Additionally, the Company redeemed $49.8  million of certain other  indebtedness
with cash from operations.

    In  August 1993, the Company called for redemption on November 18, 1993, all
of its outstanding  6 3/4%  Swiss franc/dollar  dual currency  senior notes  due
1997.  The redemption price of $28 million  will be financed by borrowings under
the Reducing Revolving Credit Facility.

    For the year ended  August 31, 1993  the Company had  $257.3 million in  net
cash provided by operating activities as compared to $255.4 million in the prior
year.   Management  believes  that  sufficient  funds  will  be  generated  from
operations,  augmented  by  borrowings  under  the  Reducing  Revolving   Credit
Facility, to finance operations, capital expenditures and service debt. Payments
of  interest  and  principal  on  the  Company's  $1.3  billion  of consolidated
long-term debt,  including the  current  portion of  such long-term  debt,  will
continue   to  affect  funds  available  to   the  Company  to  finance  capital
expenditures and  operations. Scheduled  principal payments,  excluding  amounts
that  may become due  on the Reducing  Revolving Credit Facility,  will be $40.8
million in fiscal 1994, $155.1 million  in fiscal 1995, $55.9 million in  fiscal
1996, $178.3 million in fiscal 1997 and $2.1 million in fiscal 1998.

    The  terms  of  certain  indebtedness  of  the  Company  impose  significant
operating and financial restrictions  (subject to certain exceptions)  requiring
the  Company to  maintain certain  financial ratios  and restrict  the Company's
ability to incur additional indebtedness and enter into leases and guarantees of
debt; to make loans  and investments; to pay  dividends or repurchase shares  of
stock; to

                                       16
<PAGE>
repurchase,  retire or refinance indebtedness prior to maturity; and to purchase
or sell assets.  The Company  has pledged the  capital stock  of certain  direct
(first  tier) subsidiaries and  certain patient receivables  as security for the
Company's obligations under the Reducing  Revolving Credit Facility and  certain
other  senior indebtedness of the Company.  Management believes that the Company
is  currently  in  compliance  with  all  material  covenants  and  restrictions
contained in all financing agreements.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL TRENDS

    Over   the  past  several  years  the   Company  has  sold  certain  of  its
non-strategic hospitals.  In  some  instances,  for  comparative  purposes,  the
Company's  results of operations for fiscal  1993 and management's discussion of
results of operations for fiscal years  ended 1992 and 1991 include an  analysis
of  the Company's performance with respect  to hospitals operated by the Company
throughout each of  the periods  presented (such  hospitals are  referred to  as
"Continuing  Hospitals").  On a  Continuing  Hospital basis,  the  Company's net
revenues have increased over the prior periods. The increase in net revenues  is
the  result of higher utilization of  outpatient and ancillary services, general
price increases  and increased  severity  of illness  of patients  admitted.  In
future  periods management believes that healthcare providers' and the Company's
rate of revenue growth may  be limited as a result  of a greater portion of  the
Company's  revenues  being derived  from fixed  payment sources  (i.e. Medicare/
Medicaid programs and managed care) and the effect of moderation of the rate  of
growth in the Company's revenues from outpatient services. Such trends, have and
are  anticipated to continue  to affect the Company's  results of operations. To
offset the limiting factors in net revenue growth, the Company continues to look
at providing new  areas of healthcare  services through the  development of  the
Company's  operations and through the  integration of broad healthcare networks,
including hospital/physician and physician contracting entities.

    Although the Company's outpatient  revenue growth rate  may be moderated  in
the  future, the  trend toward increased  utilization of  outpatient services is
expected to continue.  This trend  is the result  of (i)  continued advances  in
medical  technologies,  thus  allowing  procedures  previously  performed  on an
inpatient basis to be  available on an outpatient  basis and (ii) the  pressures
from  payors  to control  costs  by directing  those  patients with  less severe
illnesses from inpatient care to  outpatient care. To accommodate the  increased
utilization  of  outpatient services,  the  Company has  expanded  or redesigned
several of its outpatient facilities and services.

    Medicare and Medicaid revenues are also expected to continue to increase  in
the  future as a larger portion of the general population qualifies for coverage
as a result of the aging of the population and expanded state Medicaid programs.
This in turn  may decrease the  Company's overall  rate of revenue  growth as  a
result of (i) the corresponding increased shift in payor mix and (ii) the amount
of  disparity  between  the  Company's  customary  charges  and  the  government
reimbursement rate  increases. The  Medicare  program reimburses  the  Company's
hospitals primarily based on established rates by a DRG for acute care hospitals
and  by a cost based formula for psychiatric hospitals (See "Item 1. Business --
Sources of  Revenue").  While  Medicare  fixed payment  rates  are  indexed  for
inflation  annually,  the  increases  have  historically  lagged  behind  actual
inflation.

    In addition to the Medicare program, states and insurance companies continue
to actively negotiate the  amounts they will pay  for services performed  rather
than simply paying healthcare providers their customary charges. The entrance of
insurance  companies  into  the  managed care  environment  is  accelerating the
introduction of managed care in more localities. Current managed care conditions
vary across the markets in which the Company operates. Hospitals that operate in
mature managed care  markets typically have  contributed smaller profit  margins
than  hospitals that operate in other markets. However, management believes that
through continued cost-control  efforts, the Company  will have the  competitive
edge  in  pursuing market  share growth  in  the managed  care environment  at a
profitable margin.

                                       17
<PAGE>
    Payor-pressure to control  healthcare costs has  been further emphasized  by
the  various pending healthcare  reform proposals. Management  believes that its
cost containment  efforts  have  been  critical  in  maintaining  and  improving
operating  margins while providing  a high level of  patient care. The following
costs are some  examples of  the cost reductions  that have  taken place  during
fiscal  1993. In  order to control  labor costs, the  most significant operating
cost in a hospital,  the Company has  and will continue to  decrease its use  of
nursing registries, modify its employee skill mix and monitor its daily hospital
staff  coverage. In addition,  as of January  1, 1993 the  Company realigned its
employee benefits program to more clearly match that of the industry. To  reduce
corporate  overhead costs, the Company  consolidated its Houston regional office
with its Dallas  headquarters. In order  to control supply  cost increases as  a
result  of (i) increasing intensity of services due to increased patient acuity,
(ii) new  technological  advances  and related  utilization,  (iii)  changes  in
standard  of care, and vendor price  increases, management continues to focus on
the development of pharmaceutical formularies to control the usage of new  drugs
to  only those situations  that warrant their specific  use. In addition, supply
purchase contracts continue to be aggressively negotiated. In further  adherence
to  controlling healthcare costs,  the Company is  expanding its case management
(review of associated  costs for  patient care  for specific  treatment) in  the
hospitals.

INFLATION

    A  significant portion  of the  Company's operating  costs and  expenses are
subject to inflationary increases. Since  the healthcare industry is very  labor
intensive,  salaries  and benefits  are  continually affected  by  inflation. In
addition, increasing supply costs  are the result of  vendors passing on  rising
costs  through price increases. Although the  Company cannot predict its ability
to continue to cover future cost increases, management believes that through the
continued adherence  to  the  cost  reduction  programs,  labor  management  and
reasonable price increases, the effects of inflation on future operating margins
should  be manageable. However, the Company's ability to pass on these increased
costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare/Medicaid patients may  be
limited  by government reimbursement programs  for healthcare services currently
in place unless the federal  and state governments correspondingly increase  the
rate of payment under this program.

HEALTHCARE REFORM

    Under  the aforementioned healthcare reform plan, the Clinton Administration
has recently proposed, among other things, cost controls on hospitals, insurance
market reforms to increase the availability  of group health insurance to  small
businesses,  requirements that all businesses offer health insurance coverage to
their employees and the  creation of a single  government health insurance  plan
(to  reduce administrative  costs) that would  cover all  citizens. Although the
healthcare reform plan proposes covering  all citizens, and therefore,  possibly
resulting  in additional revenues for the Company, this increase in revenues may
be offset by  lower levels of  reimbursement from various  payors. In  addition,
some  states, including  Florida, have already  enacted reforms  and continue to
consider additional reforms.  Management believes that  some form of  healthcare
reform  is imminent; however  until such reform  is finalized, management cannot
predict the impact on the Company's  results of operations. The type and  impact
of such reform continues to be debated at both the federal and state levels.

OPERATIONS OVERVIEW

    Effective  September 1, 1991 Holdings contributed all of the common stock of
New H to AMI. As a result, AMI's results of operations for periods subsequent to
September 1, 1991  are the  same as  Holdings'; therefore,  separate results  of
operations and a discussion and analysis for AMI are not presented subsequent to
the year ended August 31, 1991. The only differences between Holdings' and AMI's
results of operations for the year ended August 31, 1991 was attributable to the
results   of  operations  for   those  hospital  facilities   owned  by  New  H,
substantially all of which were  sold, while New H was  separate from AMI. As  a
result,  AMI's results  of operations  for the  year ended  August 31,  1991 are
substantially identical to Holdings'; and therefore, management's discussion and
analysis of AMI's results of operations is not presented.

                                       18
<PAGE>
    YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991

    The  following table summarizes certain  consolidated results of the Company
for the three years ended August 31, 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1993                    1992                    1991
                                                    ----------------------  ----------------------  ----------------------
                                                                % OF NET                % OF NET                % OF NET
                                                                REVENUES                REVENUES                REVENUES
                                                               -----------             -----------             -----------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
Net Revenues
  Medicare/Medicaid...............................       $857        38.3%       $819        36.6%       $804        31.6%
  Contracted services.............................        577        25.8         533        23.8         543        21.3
  Non-contracted services.........................        732        32.7         823        36.8         940        36.9
  Other sources...................................         72         3.2          63         2.8         259        10.2
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
    Total Net Revenues............................      2,238       100.0       2,238       100.0       2,546       100.0
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Operating Costs and Expenses
  Salaries and benefits...........................        815        36.4         839        37.5         916        36.0
  Supplies........................................        316        14.1         317        14.2         319        12.5
  Provision for uncollectible accounts............        148         6.6         164         7.3         163         6.4
  Depreciation and amortization...................        147         6.6         149         6.7         165         6.5
  Other operating costs...........................        506        22.6         496        22.2         689        27.1
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
    Total Operating Costs and Expenses............      1,932        86.3       1,965        87.9       2,252        88.5
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Operating income..................................        306        13.7         273        12.1         294        11.5
  Gains on sales of securities....................         --          --         120         5.4          19         0.7
  Interest expense, net...........................       (166)       (7.4)       (204)       (9.1)       (310)      (12.2)
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Income before taxes, minority equity interest and
 extraordinary loss...............................        140         6.3         189         8.4           3          --
  Provision for income taxes......................        (69)       (3.1)        (78)       (3.5)        (21)       (0.8)
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Income (Loss) before minority equity interest and
 extraordinary loss...............................         71         3.2         111         4.9         (18)       (0.8)
Minority equity interest..........................         (4)       (0.2)         (1)         --          (1)         --
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Income (Loss) before extraordinary loss...........         67         3.0         110         4.9         (19)       (0.8)
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of
   debt...........................................        (25)       (1.1)        (10)       (0.4)         --          --
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
Net Income (Loss).................................        $42         1.9%       $100         4.5%       $(19)       (0.8)%
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
                                                    ---------       -----   ---------       -----   ---------       -----
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>
    The following table sets forth certain operating statistics of the Company's
hospitals for the years ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
HISTORICAL OPERATING DATA (1):                                1993       1992       1991
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                         <C>        <C>        <C>
Number of Hospitals (at year end).........................         36         35         39
Admissions
  Medicare/Medicaid.......................................    117,570    113,070    119,401
  Contracted..............................................     56,269     52,812     60,880
  Non-contracted..........................................     52,839     63,947     80,851
  Other...................................................      2,918      3,261      3,350
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total.................................................    229,596    233,090    264,482
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
Equivalent Admissions(2)..................................    309,972    308,722    342,597
Outpatient
  Visits..................................................  1,660,015  1,618,068  1,700,057
  Surgeries...............................................    120,854    120,008    133,888
Patient Days..............................................  1,372,232  1,456,542  1,664,937
Equivalent Patient Days(2)................................  1,830,169  1,906,304  2,132,771
Licensed Beds Occupancy Rate..............................       46.8%      47.9%      46.6%
Licensed Beds at End of Period............................      8,003      7,822      8,708

<CAPTION>
CONTINUING HOSPITALS OPERATING DATA (1):
<S>                                                         <C>        <C>        <C>
Number of Hospitals (at year end).........................         36         35         35
Admissions
  Medicare/Medicaid.......................................    117,570    108,909    103,144
  Contracted..............................................     56,269     51,072     52,817
  Non-contracted..........................................     52,839     62,613     70,884
  Other...................................................      2,918      3,160      2,836
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total.................................................    229,596    225,754    229,681
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
Equivalent Admissions(2)..................................    309,972    299,161    297,978
Outpatient
  Visits..................................................  1,660,015  1,556,471  1,450,519
  Surgeries...............................................    120,854    116,113    115,505
Patient Days..............................................  1,372,232  1,394,815  1,402,684
Equivalent Patient Days(2)................................  1,830,169  1,826,477  1,801,837
Licensed Beds Occupancy Rate..............................       46.8%      48.7%      49.1%
Licensed Beds at End of Period............................      8,003      7,822      7,822
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(1) Represents statistics  for  hospitals only  and  has not  been  adjusted  to
    include statistics for related healthcare entities.
(2) Represents  actual admissions/patient days as adjusted to include outpatient
    and emergency room services by  adding to actual admissions/patient days  an
    amount  derived  by  dividing  outpatient  and  emergency  room  revenue  by
    inpatient revenue per admission/patient days.
</TABLE>

    1993 VERSUS 1992

    On a  historical basis,  net revenues  for the  year ended  August 31,  1993
remained  flat at $2,238 million as compared  to the year ended August 31, 1992.
However, net revenues for  the year ended August  31,1992 included a benefit  of
approximately  $10 million  relating to  a Medicare  settlement and  $69 million
relating to facilities sold  during fiscal year 1992.  On a Continuing  Hospital
basis,  net revenues for the year ended August 31, 1993 increased 3.2% to $2,238
million from net revenues of $2,169 million for the year ended August 31, 1992.

                                       20
<PAGE>
    The continued  industry  trend, as  seen  by  the Company  on  a  Continuing
Hospital  basis over the  past few years, towards  growth in outpatient services
and a  shift  from inpatient  services  remains  evident as  net  revenues  from
outpatient  services for  the year  ended August 31,  1993 were  $648 million or
29.4% of total net patient revenues compared  to $586 million or 27.4% of  total
net  patient revenues  for fiscal  1992. Outpatient  volume increased  6.5% when
compared to the year ended August 31, 1992. Net revenues from inpatient services
were $1,557 million or 70.6%  of total net patient  revenues for the year  ended
August  31,  1993 compared  to  $1,549 million  or  72.6% of  total  net patient
revenues for fiscal 1992.  Admissions increased 1.7% when  compared to the  year
ended August 31, 1992.

    Healthcare  services that were provided to individuals which were determined
to be services free of  charge are defined as  charity care. In accordance  with
the  AICPA  Health  Care  Guide,  these services  have  not  been  recognized as
receivables or  revenues  in the  financial  statements since  they  were  never
expected to result in cash flows.

    Management's  implementation  of  a cost-control  program  has  continued to
reduce operating costs  and expenses  as a percentage  of net  revenues for  the
Company (86.3% for the year ended August 31, 1993 compared to 87.9% for the year
ended  August 31, 1992). The decrease in  total operating costs and expenses for
the year ended August 31, 1993 as compared to the year ended August 31, 1992 was
primarily due to the disposition of  hospitals during the year ended August  31,
1992.  On a Continuing Hospital basis, operating costs and expenses have shown a
similar decline as a percentage  of net revenues for  the year ended August  31,
1993  at  86.3% from  87.3%  for the  year ended  August  31, 1992.  Labor costs
decreased as a percent of net revenues as a result of labor management (hospital
staffing monitored with volume) and the decline in benefit costs as a result  of
the  changes put in  place in the  employee benefit program.  For the year ended
August 31, 1992, salaries  and benefits reflect an  $11.0 million adjustment  to
increase  reserves associated with workers  compensation liabilities as a result
of adverse development  on claims  arising from prior  periods. Although  supply
costs  as a percent of net revenues remained stable over the past two years, the
demand for newly available higher cost  drugs and medical supplies continues  to
require  the  Company to  control such  costs.  The provision  for uncollectible
accounts for the year ended August 31, 1993 decreased from the year ended August
31, 1992; however, the provision for  uncollectible accounts for the year  ended
August  31, 1992  includes the  impact of  an adjustment  for the  refinement in
procedures used by the  Company in estimating bad  debts. Other operating  costs
include  a foreign currency translation loss  of $7.8 million which was incurred
in fiscal 1992  while the foreign  currency translation loss  was immaterial  in
fiscal 1993.

    The  operating margin of 13.7%  for the year ended  August 31, 1993 improved
from 12.1% for the  year ended August 31,  1992. The operating margin  increased
from 12.7%, on a Continuing Hospital basis for the year ended August 31, 1992 to
13.7%  for the  year ended  August 31,  1993 as  a result  of the  increased net
revenues and the reduced operating  costs and expenses as  a result of the  cost
reduction program.

    The  gains on the sales  of securities in fiscal 1992  are the result of the
sale of various  securities of EPIC  Holdings, Inc. and  EPIC Healthcare  Group,
Inc.  As of  August 31,  1993, the Company  continues to  hold 22%  of the fully
diluted common stock of EPIC Holdings, Inc.

    Interest expense, net  decreased to 7.4%  of total net  revenues for  fiscal
1993  compared to 9.1% of total net  revenues for fiscal 1992. The decrease from
fiscal 1992 is attributable to interest savings  as a result of the use of  cash
from  operations and  the proceeds from  the disposition of  hospitals to reduce
indebtedness and lower effective interest rates consistent with economic trends.
In addition, in the  fourth quarter of  fiscal 1993 an  $8.6 million refund  was
received  for  excess interest  paid to  the Internal  Revenue Service  in prior
periods.

    The tax provision  for fiscal 1993  is greater than  that which would  occur
using  the Company's marginal tax rate against its income before taxes, minority
equity interest and extraordinary loss, due in large part to the amortization of
cost  in  excess  of   net  assets  acquired  not   being  deductible  for   tax

                                       21
<PAGE>
provision  purposes. In August 1993, the  Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 was
enacted. As a result of the new law, the corporate income tax rate increased  to
35% from 34% effective for the period beginning on or after January 1, 1993.

    The  extraordinary loss on early  extinguishment of debt is  a result of the
redemption or repurchase of debt prior to its stated maturity.

    1992 VERSUS 1991

    The Company's net  revenues for  the year  ended August  31, 1992  decreased
12.1%  to $2,238 million from $2,546 million for the same period in fiscal 1991.
Net revenues for the year  ended August 31, 1992 included  a benefit from a  $10
million  Medicare settlement. Net  revenues from inpatient  services were $1,599
million or 72.4% of  total net patient  revenues for the  year ended August  31,
1992  compared to  $1,711 million  or 73.7%  of total  net patient  revenues for
fiscal 1991. Net revenues from outpatient services were $609 million or 27.6% of
total net patient revenues for the year  ended August 31, 1992 compared to  $612
million  or 26.3%  of total  net patient revenues  for the  comparable period in
fiscal 1991. Inpatient net revenues as  a percent of total net patient  revenues
continued  to  decline  as  a  result  of  the  continued  advances  in  medical
technologies, thus  allowing procedures  previously  performed on  an  inpatient
basis to be available on an outpatient basis. Accordingly, third party payors of
healthcare  services have increased pressure  to maximize outpatient services by
diverting those  patients with  less  severe illnesses  from inpatient  care  to
outpatient  care. Healthcare  services that  were provided  to individuals which
were determined to be services  free of charge are  defined as charity care.  In
accordance  with  the AICPA  Health  Care Guide,  these  services have  not been
recognized as receivables  or revenues  in the financial  statements since  they
were never expected to result in cash flows.

    As  a percentage of net revenues,  operating costs and expenses decreased to
87.9% for the  year ended August  31, 1992  from 88.5% for  fiscal 1991.  Actual
dollars  spent decreased 12.7%  as compared to similar  costs for the comparable
period in fiscal 1991. This decrease was attributable to the operating costs and
expenses associated with  the assets  sold during  fiscal 1992  and 1991  (which
accounted  for 21.7% of the total operating costs and expenses for fiscal 1991).
Although this decrease was offset by an increase in operating costs and expenses
for the currently operated hospitals, such costs as a percentage of net revenues
decreased slightly.  The decrease  in  other operating  costs and  expenses  was
primarily due to the disposition of a health maintenance organization in August,
1991.  As a result of  such disposition, the Company  no longer has group health
claims. For the year ended August  31, 1992, salaries and benefits reflected  an
$11.0   million  adjustment   to  increase  reserves   associated  with  workers
compensation liabilities as a  result of adverse  development on claims  arising
from  prior  periods.  The  Company increased  the  provision  for uncollectible
accounts for the year  ended August 31,  1992 as a result  of the refinement  in
procedures  used  by  the Company  in  estimating  bad debts.  The  new approach
reflects the impact of  increased net operating revenues  as well as  increasing
deductibles  and co-payments which are  usually the responsibility of individual
patients, the  increasing  number  of uninsured  or  underinsured  patients  and
general  economic conditions, in  each case, on  a more timely  basis. In fiscal
1992, management implemented an  accounts receivable action  plan to reduce  the
amount  of time  required to  collect receivables  and to  enhance the potential
collectibility of  accounts that  would  otherwise result  in bad  debts.  Other
operating  costs include the  effect of foreign  currency translations for which
the Company recorded  a foreign  currency translation  loss of  $7.8 million  in
fiscal  1992 as compared to foreign currency translation income of $15.3 million
in fiscal 1991.

    The gains on the sales of securities in fiscal 1992 and 1991 were the result
of the sale  of various securities  of EPIC Holdings,  Inc. and EPIC  Healthcare
Group,  Inc. As of  August 31, 1992, the  Company held 22%  of the fully diluted
common stock of EPIC Holdings, Inc.

    Interest expense, net  decreased to 9.1%  of total net  revenues for  fiscal
1992  compared to 12.2% of total net revenues for fiscal 1991. The decrease from
fiscal 1991 was attributable to  lower effective interest rates consistent  with
economic  trends  and  interest savings  as  a  result of  the  use  of proceeds

                                       22
<PAGE>
from (i) the  divestiture program, (ii)  Holdings' issuance of  common stock  in
August  1991 for approximately $250  million, and (iii) the  issuance of 13 1/2%
Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2001 to reduce debt outstanding. In addition,  the
lower  interest  expense is  due  to the  decrease  in interest  rates  from the
exchange of the 15% Junior Subordinated Discount Debentures Due 2005 for a  like
amount of then outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness.

    The  tax provision for fiscal  1992 was greater than  that which would occur
using the Company's marginal tax rate against its income before taxes,  minority
equity  interest  and extraordinary  loss, due  to the  amortization of  cost in
excess of net assets acquired not being deductible for tax provision purposes.

    The extraordinary loss on early extinguishment  of debt was a result of  the
redemption or repurchase of debt prior to its stated maturity.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

    The information required by this item is filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF HOLDINGS AND AMI

    There  is hereby incorporated  by reference the  information to appear under
the caption "Election of Directors" in Holdings' definitive proxy statement  for
its  1994 Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders. See also  the list  of Holdings' and
AMI's executive officers and related  information under "Executive Officers"  in
Part I hereof.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    There  is hereby incorporated  by reference the  information to appear under
the caption "Executive Compensation" in Holdings' definitive proxy statement for
its 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    There is hereby incorporated  by reference the  information to appear  under
the caption "Principal Stockholders" in Holdings' definitive proxy statement for
its  1994 Annual Meeting  of Stockholders. All issued  and outstanding shares of
AMI Common Stock are owned by Holdings.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    There is hereby incorporated  by reference the  information to appear  under
the  caption "Certain Transactions" in  Holdings' definitive proxy statement for
its 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

    (a) 1 and 2 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules.

    The financial statements and schedules  listed in the accompanying Index  to
the  Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules are filed as part of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

    (b) Reports on Form 8-K filed in Fourth Quarter 1993.

    None.

    (c) List of Exhibits.

                                       23
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                                      DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- - - - -----------             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <C>        <S>
     2.1        --      Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 6, 1989, among AMI, Holdings and IMA Acquisition
                         Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings ("Acquisition"), filed
                         as Exhibit 2(a) to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-4, Registration No. 33-33674,
                         filed on March 6, 1990 (the "1990 Form S-4") and incorporated herein by reference.
     2.2        --      Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 7, 1989, among AMI, Holdings
                         and Acquisition, filed as Exhibit 18 to the 1990 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
     2.3        --      Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 1, 1989, among AMI,
                         Holdings and Acquisition, filed as Exhibit 2(c) to the 1990 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
     2.4        --      Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 23, 1990 among AMI, Holdings and Amigo Holdings
                         Corp. ("Amigo"), filed as Exhibit 3 to AMI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                         ended May 31, 1990 and incorporated herein by reference.
     3.1        --      Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Holdings as amended to date, filed as Exhibit 3 (a) to
                         the 1990 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
     3.2        --      Bylaws of Holdings as amended to date filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Holdings' Registration Statement
                         on Form S-1 filed on June 17, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
     3.3        --      Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMI as amended to date, filed as Exhibit 3 to AMI's
                         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 1990 and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
     3.4        --      Bylaws of AMI as amended to date, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to AMI's Registration Statement on Form
                         S-1 filed on August 14, 1991 (the "AMI Form S-1") and incorporated herein by reference.
     4.1        --      Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 11, 1993 among AMI and the
                         purchasers listed therein, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMI's Registration Statement on Form S-4
                         Registration No. 33-50239 filed on September 20, 1993 (the "1993 Form S-4") and incorporated
                         herein by reference.
     4.2        --      Indenture dated as of April 21, 1993 between AMI and NationsBank of Texas, N.A., as trustee (the
                         "Trustee"), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
     4.3        --      Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 25, 1993 between AMI and the Trustee, filed as
                         Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
     4.6        --      Indenture dated as of October 1, 1991 between AMI, as issuer, and The Citizens and Southern
                         National Bank, as trustee, relating to the 11% Senior Notes Due October 2001, filed as Exhibit
                         4.1 to AMI's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 8, 1991 and incorporated
                         herein by reference.
     4.7        --      Indenture between AMI, as issuer, and The Connecticut National Bank, as trustee, relating to the
                         13 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes Due August 2001 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to AMI's Registration
                         Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-41416, filed on January 24, 1992 and incorporated
                         herein by reference.
</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                                      DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- - - - -----------             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <C>        <S>
     4.8        --      Indenture dated as of August 1, 1991 between AMI, as issuer, and United States Trust Company of
                         New York, as trustee, relating to the 15% Junior Discount Debentures Due November 2005, filed
                         as Exhibit 4.1 to AMI's Registration Statement on Form S-2, Registration No. 33-45292, filed on
                         January 24, 1992 and incorporated herein by reference.
     4.9        --      First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 15, 1992 between AMI, as issuer, and United
                         States Trust Company of New York, as trustee, relating to AMI's 15% Junior Subordinated
                         Discount Debentures Due November 2005, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to AMI's
                         registration Statement, Registration No. 33-45292, on Form S-2, filed on March 4, 1992 and
                         incorporated herein by reference.
Instruments with respect to certain long-term debt of AMI have not been filed since the amount of securities  authorized
thereunder  does not exceed  10% of the  total assets of  AMI and its  subsidiaries on a  consolidated basis. AMI hereby
agrees to furnish copies of such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.
    10.1        --      Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 (the "Credit Agreement") among AMI,
                         American Medical Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the lenders referred to therein (the
                         "Lenders"), Chemical Bank, as Agent (the "Agent"), The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Agent, and
                         The Long Term Credit Bank of Japan, Ltd., Los Angeles Agency, as Co-Agent filed as Exhibit 10.1
                         to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.2        --      Holdings Pledge Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 between AMI and the Agent on behalf of the
                         Lenders filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.3        --      Collateral Trust Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 between AMI and IBJ Schroder Bank & Trust
                         Company, a New York banking corporation, as trustee ("IBJ") filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the 1993
                         Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.4        --      Collateral Trust Pledge Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 between AMI and IBJ filed as
                         Exhibit 10.4 to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.5        --      Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 between AMI and the Agent on behalf of
                         the Lenders filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.6        --      Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of August 18, 1993 between American Medical Finance
                         Company, a Delaware corporation, and the Agent on behalf of the Lenders filed as Exhibit 10.6
                         to the 1993 Form S-4 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.7        --      Agreement for Purchase of Stock dated as of September 26, 1988 by and among AMI, EPIC and
                         various subsidiaries of AMI, filed as Exhibit 2(a) to AMI's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                         October 14, 1988 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.8        --      Amended and Restated Stockholders' Agreement dated as of July 30, 1991 by and among the Fund,
                         GKHPL, First Plaza, MBLP, MIP and the other parties thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.39 to
                         Amendment No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-41206, on
                         July 26, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
</TABLE>

                                       25
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                                      DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- - - - -----------             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <C>        <S>
    10.9        --      Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 30, 1991 by and among
                         Holdings, the Fund, GKHPL, MBLP, MIP, the Bank Investor and the Management Purchasers, filed as
                         Exhibit 10.40 to Amendment No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration
                         No. 33-41206, on July 26, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.10       --      American Medical Holdings, Inc. 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, filed as Exhibit A to
                         Holdings' Proxy Statement dated January 13, 1993 (the "1993 Proxy") and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
    10.11       --      Amendments to Each of the Nonqualified Employee Stock Option Plan and the Nonqualified
                         Performance Stock Option Plan for Key Employees (Exhibits 10.12 and 10.13 below) filed as
                         Exhibit D to AMI's 1993 Proxy and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.12       --      Nonqualified Employee Stock Option Plan, filed as Exhibit A to Holdings' Proxy Statement dated
                         as of January 8, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.13       --      Nonqualified Performance Stock Option Plan for Key Employees, filed as Exhibit B to Holdings'
                         Proxy Statement dated as of January 8, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.14       --      Executive Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Holdings' Registration Statement
                         on Form S-1 filed on June 17, 1991, Registration No. 33-41206, and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
    10.15       --      Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Holdings' Registration
                         Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 17, 1991, Registration No. 33-41206, and incorporated
                         herein by reference.
    10.16       --      Senior Executive Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Holdings' Registration
                         Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 17, 1991, Registration No. 33-41206, and incorporated
                         herein by reference.
    10.17       --      Letter of Understanding, between Holdings and Robert W. O'Leary, filed as Exhibit 10.30 to
                         Amendment No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 26, 1991,
                         Registration No. 33-41206, and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.18       --      Letter of Understanding dated as of August 4, 1991 between AMI and Alan J. Chamison filed as
                         Exhibit 10.36 to AMI's Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-41206, filed
                         September 25, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.19       --      Agreement, dated as of March 7, 1990, among American Medical International, Inc. Healthcare
                         Holding Company and Generale De Sante International PLC, filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Amendment
                         No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-41206, filed on July
                         26, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.20       --      Acquisition Agreement, among AMI Information Systems Group, Inc., A.M. International and Klinik
                         Hirslanden AG, filed as Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on
                         Form S-1, Registration No. 33-41206, filed on July 26, 1991 and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
    10.21       --      Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, by and among Holdings, AMI, AMISUB (PSL), Inc., New H Acute,
                         Inc. New H PSL, Inc. and PSL HealthCare System, dated as of November 15, 1990, as amended,
                         filed as Exhibit 10.38 to Amendment No. 3 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
                         on July 26, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                                      DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT
- - - - -----------             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>         <C>         <S>
   10.22       --      Exchange Agreement dated as of January 27, 1992 by and among EPIC Healthcare Group, Inc., EPIC
                         Holdings, Inc., EPIC Transaction Co., American Medical International, Inc., American Medical
                         (Central), Inc., American Information Systems Group, Inc., Brookwood Health Services, Inc., and
                         Lifemark Hospitals, Inc. filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 25, 1992 and
                         incorporated herein by reference.
    10.23       --      Letter of Understanding between the Company and AMI and John T. Casey filed as Exhibit 10.31 to
                         Holdings' and AMI's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 1992 (the
                         "Annual Report") and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.24       --      Letter of Understanding between the Company and AMI and O. Edwin French filed as Exhibit 10.32
                         to the Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference.
    10.25       --      Amendment to Letters of Understanding between the Company and AMI and each of Robert W. O'Leary,
                         Alan J. Chamison, John T. Casey, and O. Edwin French, filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual
                         Report and incorporated herein by reference.
    11          --      Statement re computations of per share earnings for the period ended August 31, 1993.
    21.1        --      List of subsidiaries of Holdings filed as Exhibit 22 to Holdings' Registration Statement on Form
                         S-1 filed on June 17, 1991 and incorporated herein by reference.
    21.2        --      List of subsidiaries of AMI filed as Exhibit 22 to the AMI Form S-1 and incorporated herein by
                         reference.
    24          --      Powers of Attorney.
</TABLE>

                                       27
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to  the requirements  of  Section 13  or  15(d) of  the  Securities
Exchange  Act of 1934 the registrants have  duly caused this report to be signed
on their behalf by  the undersigned, thereunto duly  authorized, in the City  of
Dallas,  State  of Texas,  on  the 29th  day  of November,  1993.  The following
officers and directors have executed this report as of November 29, 1993.

                                          AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC.
                                          AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                                          By: _______/s/_ALAN J. CHAMISON_______
                                                      Alan J. Chamison
                                                EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND
                                                  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

    Pursuant to the requirements  of the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed below,  by  the  following persons  in  the capacities
indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      SIGNATURE                                                         TITLE
- - - - ------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>
                     /s/ ROBERT W. O'LEARY
     -------------------------------------------                        Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                  Robert W. O'Leary                                         (Principal Executive Officer)
                      /s/ ALAN J. CHAMISON
     -------------------------------------------           Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
                   Alan J. Chamison                                               Financial Officer)
                        /s/ BARY G. BAILEY
     -------------------------------------------                             Vice President, Controller
                    Bary G. Bailey                                         (Principal Accounting Officer)
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
               J. Robert Buchanan, M.D.
                /s/ ROBERT B. CALHOUN, JR.*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                Robert B. Calhoun, Jr.
                        /s/ JOHN T. CASEY
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                    John T. Casey
                        /s/ HARRY J. GRAY*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                    Harry J. Gray
                 /s/ HAROLD S. HANDELSMAN*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                 Harold S. Handelsman
                      /s/ SHELDON S. KING*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                   Sheldon S. King
                      /s/ MELVYN N. KLEIN*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                   Melvyn N. Klein
                       /s/ DAN W. LUFKIN*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                    Dan W. Lufkin
                     /s/ WILLIAM E. MAYER*
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                   William E. Mayer
                     /s/ ROBERT W. O'LEARY
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                  Robert W. O'Leary
     -------------------------------------------                                      Director
                  Harold M. Williams
                *By: /s/BARY G. BAILEY
                    Bary G. Bailey
                 As Attorney-in-Fact
</TABLE>

                                       28
<PAGE>
                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

ITEM 14(A)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               PAGE
                                                                                                             REFERENCE
                                                                                                           -------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                             <C>
Financial Statements:
  Report of Independent Accountants......................................................................           30
  Consolidated Balance Sheets As of August 31, 1993 and 1992.............................................           32
  Consolidated Statements of Income For the Years Ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991...................
                                                                                                                    34
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991...............
                                                                                                                    35
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity For the Years Ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.....
                                                                                                                    36
Supplemental Financial Statement Schedules:
  Report of Independent Accountants on Financial Statement Schedules.....................................           55
  II.      Amounts Receivable from Directors, Officers and Employees.....................................           56
  V.       Property and Equipment........................................................................           57
  VI.      Accumulated Depreciation of Property and Equipment............................................           58
  VIII.    Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts...........................................................           59
  X.       Supplementary Income Statement Information....................................................           60
</TABLE>

    All  other schedules are not submitted  because they are not applicable, not
required,  or  the  information  is  included  in  the  consolidated   financial
statements or notes thereto.

    Separate  financial statements of the parent company have been omitted since
restricted net  assets  of  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  less  than  25%  of
consolidated net assets.

                                       29
<PAGE>
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To The Boards of Directors and
Shareholders of American Medical Holdings, Inc.
and American Medical International, Inc.

    In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of income, of cash flows and of changes in shareholders'
equity  present  fairly, in  all material  respects,  the financial  position of
American Medical Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (Holdings) and American Medical
International, Inc. and subsidiaries (AMI) at August 31, 1993 and 1992, and  the
results  of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period  ended  August  31,  1993,  in  conformity  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Companies' management;  our responsibility  is to  express an  opinion on  these
financial  statements  based on  our audits.  We conducted  our audits  of these
statements in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing  standards  which
require  that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial  statements are  free of material  misstatement. An  audit
includes  examining,  on  a  test basis,  evidence  supporting  the  amounts and
disclosures in  the financial  statements, assessing  the accounting  principles
used  and significant estimates  made by management,  and evaluating the overall
financial  statement  presentation.  We  believe  that  our  audits  provide   a
reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

Price Waterhouse

Dallas, Texas
October 15, 1993

                                       30
<PAGE>
                 (This page has been left blank intentionally.)

                                       31
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            AS OF AUGUST 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993                          1992
                                                       ----------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                         HOLDINGS          AMI         HOLDINGS          AMI
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and short-term cash investments.................  $      44,335  $      44,335  $      70,536  $      70,536
Accounts receivable, less reserves for uncollectible
 accounts of $98,143 in 1993 and $86,744 in 1992.....         90,596         90,596        103,041        103,041
Supply inventories...................................         59,516         59,516         57,071         57,071
Income taxes, net (including current portion of
 deferred income taxes)..............................         24,641         24,641       --             --
Prepaid expenses.....................................         11,617         11,617         12,387         12,387
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                             230,705        230,705        243,035        243,035
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:
Land.................................................        104,723        104,723        105,241        105,241
Buildings and improvements...........................      1,151,890      1,151,890      1,111,163      1,111,163
Equipment............................................        507,505        507,505        443,561        443,561
Construction in progress.............................         35,827         35,827         24,419         24,419
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                           1,799,945      1,799,945      1,684,384      1,684,384
Less -- Accumulated depreciation.....................        395,736        395,736        290,036        290,036
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                           1,404,209      1,404,209      1,394,348      1,394,348
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
NOTES RECEIVABLE AND OTHER ASSETS:
Notes receivable.....................................         10,791         10,791         21,567         21,567
Investments..........................................         27,982         27,982         72,353         72,353
Cost in excess of net assets acquired, net...........      1,165,435      1,165,435      1,191,981      1,191,981
Deferred costs.......................................         29,248         29,248         40,015         40,015
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                           1,233,456      1,233,456      1,325,916      1,325,916
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       $   2,868,370  $   2,868,370  $   2,963,299  $   2,963,299
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       32
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
                      LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            AS OF AUGUST 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993                          1992
                                                       ----------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                         HOLDINGS          AMI         HOLDINGS          AMI
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Current maturities of long-term debt.................  $      40,831  $      40,831  $     130,279  $     130,279
Accounts payable.....................................         84,513         84,513         91,731         91,731
Accrued liabilities:
  Payroll and benefits...............................        131,170        131,170        133,336        133,336
  Interest...........................................         20,641         20,641         21,452         21,452
  Taxes, other than income...........................         26,353         26,353         23,820         23,820
  Other..............................................         67,147         67,147         58,320         58,320
Income taxes, net (including current portion of
 deferred income taxes)..............................       --             --                6,290          6,290
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                             370,655        370,655        465,228        465,228
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
LONG-TERM DEBT.......................................      1,283,665      1,283,665      1,333,423      1,333,423
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED DEBT........................         10,487         10,487         10,303         10,303
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
DEFERRED CREDITS AND OTHER LIABILITIES:
Deferred income taxes................................        211,451        211,451        219,202        219,202
Reserve for professional liability risks.............        100,496        100,496        100,211        100,211
Other deferred credits and liabilities...............        187,743        187,743        166,978        166,978
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                             499,690        499,690        486,391        486,391
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE OBLIGATIONS.......          6,046       --                4,293       --
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
AMI common stock, $0.01 par value -- 200,000 shares
 authorized 72,481 shares issued and outstanding in
 1993 and 1992.......................................       --                  725       --                  725
Holdings preferred stock, $0.01 par value --
  5,000 shares authorized
  No shares outstanding..............................       --             --             --             --
Holdings common stock, $0.01 par value --
  200,000 shares authorized
  76,873 shares issued and outstanding in 1993 and
   76,640 in 1992....................................            768       --                  766       --
Additional paid-in capital...........................        596,623        587,060        595,997        584,679
Retained earnings....................................        108,436        124,088         66,898         82,550
Adjustment for minimum pension liability.............         (8,000)        (8,000)      --             --
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                             697,827        703,873        663,661        667,954
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       $   2,868,370  $   2,868,370  $   2,963,299  $   2,963,299
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       33
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1993                    1992                    1991
                                                    ----------------------  ----------------------  ----------------------
                                                     HOLDINGS      AMI       HOLDINGS      AMI       HOLDINGS      AMI
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
NET REVENUES......................................  $2,238,525  $2,238,525  $2,237,912  $2,237,912  $2,545,900  $2,288,555
OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Salaries and benefits...........................     815,323     815,323     838,727     838,727     916,436     806,703
  Supplies........................................     315,935     315,935     316,541     316,541     318,709     285,504
  Provision for uncollectible accounts............     148,135     148,135     163,824     163,824     162,842     145,998
  Depreciation and amortization...................     147,397     147,397     149,051     149,051     165,447     154,515
  Other operating costs...........................     505,614     505,614     496,180     496,180     687,701     614,655
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
    Total.........................................   1,932,404   1,932,404   1,964,323   1,964,323   2,251,135   2,007,375
OPERATING INCOME..................................     306,121     306,121     273,589     273,589     294,765     281,180
  Gains on sales of securities....................      --          --         119,803     119,803      18,595      18,595
  Interest expense -- related parties.............      --          --          --          --        (100,432)   (100,432)
  Interest expense -- other, net..................    (166,582)   (166,582)   (204,556)   (204,556)   (209,756)   (169,467)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
INCOME BEFORE TAXES, MINORITY EQUITY INTEREST AND
 EXTRAORDINARY LOSS...............................     139,539     139,539     188,836     188,836       3,172      29,876
  Provision for income taxes......................     (68,800)    (68,800)    (77,900)    (77,900)    (20,800)    (30,300)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE MINORITY EQUITY INTEREST AND
 EXTRAORDINARY LOSS...............................      70,739      70,739     110,936     110,936     (17,628)       (424)
Minority equity interest..........................      (3,770)     (3,770)     (1,318)     (1,318)     (1,385)     (1,385)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY LOSS...........      66,969      66,969     109,618     109,618     (19,013)     (1,809)
Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of
 debt.............................................     (25,431)    (25,431)     (9,997)     (9,997)     --          --
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
NET INCOME (LOSS).................................  $   41,538  $   41,538  $   99,621  $   99,621  $  (19,013) $   (1,809)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
PER SHARE DATA:
  Income (Loss) before extraordinary loss.........  $     0.87     N/A      $     1.43     N/A      $    (0.38)    N/A
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of
   debt...........................................       (0.33)    N/A           (0.13)    N/A          --         N/A
                                                    ----------              ----------              ----------
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON AND COMMON EQUIVALENT
 SHARE............................................  $     0.54     N/A      $     1.30     N/A      $    (0.38)    N/A
                                                    ----------              ----------              ----------
                                                    ----------              ----------              ----------
SHARES USED FOR COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME (LOSS)
 PER SHARE........................................      76,760     N/A          76,645     N/A          50,698     N/A
</TABLE>

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       34
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1993                    1992                    1991
                                                    ----------------------  ----------------------  ----------------------
                                                     HOLDINGS      AMI       HOLDINGS      AMI       HOLDINGS      AMI
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
  Income (Loss) before Extraordinary Loss.........  $   66,969  $   66,969  $  109,618  $  109,618  $  (19,013) $   (1,809)
  Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by
   operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization.................     147,397     147,397     149,051     149,051     165,447     154,515
    Deferred income taxes.........................         300         300      19,600      19,600      17,200      20,300
    Amortization of debt discount, deferred
     financing costs and non-cash interest........      60,617      60,617      62,396      62,396      76,038      71,387
    Gains on sales of securities..................      --          --        (119,803)   (119,803)    (18,595)    (18,595)
    Financing fees paid...........................      (5,515)     (5,515)     (3,297)     (3,297)     (6,300)     (6,300)
    Foreign exchange translation (income) loss....        (613)       (613)      7,761       7,761     (15,321)    (15,321)
    Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable,
     net..........................................      25,512      25,512      36,859      36,859      (3,244)    (15,847)
    Increase in supply inventories and prepaid
     expenses.....................................        (515)       (515)     (4,980)     (4,980)     (9,799)     (8,080)
    Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and
     accrued liabilities..........................      (9,671)     (9,671)    (54,064)    (54,064)    (10,298)      4,013
    Decrease in accrued interest..................      (1,409)     (1,409)     (1,553)     (1,553)    (10,320)     (9,963)
    Income taxes, net.............................     (17,983)    (17,983)     81,687      81,687     (20,612)    (20,174)
    Decrease in other liabilities.................      (6,751)     (6,751)    (27,527)    (27,527)     (1,297)     (1,341)
    Other non-cash items..........................      (1,058)     (1,058)       (301)       (301)       (254)       (254)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES.........     257,280     257,280     255,447     255,447     143,632     152,531
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
  Borrowings......................................     152,047     152,047     185,794     185,794     318,758     318,758
  Payments on debt................................    (653,884)   (653,884)   (506,406)   (506,406) (1,024,684)   (874,348)
  Reducing Revolving Credit Facility..............     287,000     287,000      --          --          --          --
  Borrowing Base Facility.........................      --          --         (39,495)    (39,495)     39,495      39,495
  Contribution to AMI by Holdings.................      --           2,381      --           9,988      --         240,942
  Stock repurchases...............................        (118)     --          (3,170)     --          (1,142)     --
  Issuance of Holdings common stock...............       2,499      --          11,927      --         241,214      --
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES.............    (212,456)   (212,456)   (351,350)   (350,119)   (426,359)   (275,153)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
  Property and equipment additions................    (116,322)   (116,322)    (96,816)    (96,816)   (109,977)   (102,291)
  Disposition of assets...........................      --          --         100,089     100,089     368,730     142,641
  Decrease (increase) in deferred costs...........      (3,956)     (3,956)      4,107       4,107     (15,449)    (14,980)
  Sales of securities.............................      --          --         153,371     153,371      33,420      33,420
  Additions to notes receivable and investments...      (4,969)     (4,969)    (43,531)    (43,531)     (5,683)     (5,683)
  Decrease in notes receivable and investments....      63,758      63,758      33,204      33,204      23,226      22,136
  Advances to New H...............................      --          --          --          --          --          38,035
  Settlement of cost related to acquisition of
   AMI............................................      --          --          --          --         (18,648)    (18,648)
Other.............................................      (9,536)     (9,536)    (14,848)    (14,848)    (31,753)     (9,013)
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES.......................................     (71,025)    (71,025)    135,576     135,576     243,866      85,617
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND SHORT-TERM CASH
 INVESTMENTS......................................     (26,201)    (26,201)     39,673      40,904     (38,861)    (37,005)
Cash and Short-Term Cash Investments, Beginning of
 Period...........................................      70,536      70,536      30,863      29,632      69,724      66,637
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
CASH AND SHORT-TERM CASH INVESTMENTS, END OF
 PERIOD...........................................  $   44,335  $   44,335  $   70,536  $   70,536  $   30,863  $   29,632
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                    ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
</TABLE>

                See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       35
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                   FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                         ADJUSTMENT
                                                                                                                             FOR
                                                                              COMMON STOCK       ADDITIONAL   RETAINED     MINIMUM
                                                                         ----------------------    PAID-IN    EARNINGS     PENSION
                                                                          SHARES      AMOUNT       CAPITAL    (DEFICIT)   LIABILITY
                                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  ---------  -----------
<S>                                                                      <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>        <C>
AMI
Balance, August 31, 1990...............................................     72,481   $     725    $ 326,502   $ (15,262)  $  --
  Contributions from Holdings..........................................     --          --          240,942      --          --
  Net Loss.............................................................     --          --           --          (1,809)     --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1991...............................................     72,481         725      567,444     (17,071)     --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
  Contributions from Holdings..........................................     --          --           17,235      --          --
  Net Income...........................................................     --          --           --          99,621      --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1992...............................................     72,481         725      584,679      82,550      --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
  Contributions from Holdings..........................................     --          --            2,381      --          --
  Net Income...........................................................     --          --           --          41,538      --
  Adjustment for minimum pension liability.............................     --          --           --          --          (8,000)
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1993...............................................     72,481   $     725    $ 587,060   $ 124,088   $  (8,000)
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
HOLDINGS
  Balance, August 31, 1990.............................................     50,080   $     501    $ 345,172   $ (13,710)  $  --
  Issuance of stock....................................................     25,652         256      240,686      --          --
  Stock options exercised..............................................         39           1          271      --          --
  Stock repurchases....................................................       (156)         (2)      (1,140)     --          --
  Common Stock Subject to Repurchase Obligations.......................     --          --             (844)     --          --
  Net Loss.............................................................     --          --           --         (19,013)     --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1991...............................................     75,615         756      584,145     (32,723)     --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
  Issuance of stock....................................................      1,200          12       11,100      --          --
  Stock options exercised..............................................        115           1          814      --          --
  Stock repurchases....................................................       (290)         (3)      (3,167)     --          --
  Common Stock Subject to Repurchase Obligations.......................     --          --            3,105      --          --
  Net Income...........................................................     --          --           --          99,621      --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1992...............................................     76,640         766      595,997      66,898      --
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
  Issuance of stock....................................................         52      --              497      --          --
  Stock options exercised..............................................        195           2        2,000      --          --
  Stock repurchases....................................................        (14)     --             (118)     --          --
  Common Stock Subject to Repurchase Obligations.......................     --          --           (1,753)     --          --
  Net Income...........................................................     --          --           --          41,538      --
  Adjustment for minimum pension liability.............................     --          --           --          --          (8,000)
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
Balance, August 31, 1993...............................................     76,873   $     768    $ 596,623   $ 108,436   $  (8,000)
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
                                                                         ---------       -----   -----------  ---------  -----------
</TABLE>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       36
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

    American  Medical Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings") was organized in July, 1989 to
acquire American Medical International, Inc. ("AMI" and, together with Holdings,
the "Company").

    Effective September 1, 1991, Holdings contributed all of the common stock of
New H Holdings Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings ("New H"), then  the
owner  of the three facilities, to AMI.  As a result, AMI's financial statements
for periods subsequent to  September 1, 1991 are  the same as Holdings',  except
for  the components of  shareholders' equity and the  impact of Holdings' common
stock subject  to  repurchase  obligations. In  addition,  the  only  difference
between  Holdings' and AMI's Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended
August  31,  1991,  is  the  results   of  operations  for  New  H   facilities,
substantially all of which have been sold, while New H was separate from AMI.

    The  accompanying consolidated financial statements  include the accounts of
Holdings, AMI and all majority owned subsidiary companies and have been prepared
in accordance  with generally  accepted accounting  principles. All  significant
intercompany   accounts   and   transactions  have   been   eliminated.  Certain
reclassifications have  been made  to prior  years' financial  statements to  be
consistent with the fiscal 1993 presentation.

    SHORT-TERM CASH INVESTMENTS

    All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months
or less are considered to be short-term cash investments.

    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

    The  Company receives payment for services rendered to patients from (i) the
federal and state governments under the Medicare, Medicaid and CHAMPUS programs,
(ii) privately sponsored managed care programs  for which payment is made  based
on  terms defined  under contracts and  (iii) other payors.  The following table
summarizes the approximate percent of net patient accounts receivable from  such
payors as of August 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1993         1992
                                                                          -----        -----
<S>                                                                    <C>          <C>
Government...........................................................         30%          28%
Contracted...........................................................         35           30
Other................................................................         35           42
</TABLE>

    Receivables  from  government  agencies represent  a  concentrated  group of
credit for the Company  however management does not  believe that there are  any
credit  risks  associated  with  these  governmental  agencies.  The  only other
significant credit concentration is with various Blue Cross affiliates. In  some
states,  the local Blue Cross affiliate is believed to be experiencing financial
difficulty;  however,  management  does  not  believe  that  such   difficulties
represent a material financial exposure to the Company. The remaining balance of
payors  including entities and  individuals involved in  diverse activities, and
subject to  differing economic  conditions, do  not represent  any  concentrated
credit  risks to the  Company. Furthermore, management  continually monitors and
adjusts its reserves and allowances associated with these receivables.

    SUPPLY INVENTORIES

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market.

                                       37
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    PROPERTY AND MAINTENANCE

    Amounts capitalized  as part  of land,  buildings and  equipment,  including
additions  and  improvements  to  existing  facilities,  are  recorded  at cost,
including interest capitalized during construction which is computed at the cost
of funds borrowed.

    Depreciation is  recorded on  the straight-line  method over  the  estimated
useful  lives of  the buildings  and improvements  and equipment.  The estimated
useful lives of the  buildings and improvements  range from 20  to 25 years  and
equipment  ranges from 5 to 10 years. Upon retirement or disposal of assets, the
asset and accumulated  depreciation accounts  are adjusted  accordingly and  any
gain  or  loss  is reflected  in  earnings.  Maintenance costs  and  repairs are
expensed as incurred.

    COST IN EXCESS OF NET ASSETS ACQUIRED

    The cost in excess of net assets  acquired is being amortized over 40  years
from  the  original  acquisition date  resulting  in an  annual  amortization of
approximately $31.9 million.  The cumulative  amount of  cost in  excess of  net
assets  acquired amortized at August 31, 1993,  1992 and 1991 is $125.2 million,
$93.3 million and $60.9 million, respectively.

    At August 31,  1991, Holdings  had a  capital loss  carryover for  financial
reporting  and tax purposes  of $67.1 million,  for which a  tax benefit was not
recognized in the financial statements. A  portion of these capital losses  were
carried  back to offset  tax capital gains previously  recognized on assets sold
prior to Holdings'  acquisition of  AMI. The remaining  capital loss  carryovers
were  utilized in fiscal 1992 to offset the tax capital gain attributable to the
sales of securities of EPIC Healthcare  Group, Inc., and EPIC Holdings, Inc.  In
accordance  with Statement of  Financial Accounting Standards  ("SFAS") No. 109,
the tax benefit of $23.9 million associated with the capital loss carryover, was
credited to cost in excess of net assets acquired.

    INVESTMENTS

    Investments are accounted  for under either  the equity method  or the  cost
method.  Investments accounted for under the cost method are stated at the lower
of cost or market in the accompanying financial statements.

    DEFERRED COSTS

    Deferred financing costs are amortized by the interest method over the  term
of  the expected life  of the debt. Costs  incurred prior to  the opening of new
facilities and costs incurred in the development of data processing systems  are
deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over a two to five-year period.

    INCOME TAXES

    Effective  September 1, 1991, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No.
109 for accounting for  income taxes. Since the  Company had previously  adopted
the provisions of SFAS No. 96, the implementation of SFAS No. 109 did not have a
material  effect on the  Company's results of  operations. The implementation of
SFAS No.  109  resulted in  an  increase in  the  Company's current  income  tax
receivable  of  approximately  $56.8  million  as  of  September  1,  1991 which
correspondingly increased the deferred income tax liability.

    NET REVENUES

    Revenues are presented net of  reserves to recognize the difference  between
the established rates for covered services and the amount paid by third party or
private  payors.  Patient  revenues  received  under  government  and  privately
sponsored insurance programs are based on cost as defined under the programs  or
at  predetermined rates based upon the  diagnosis, plus capital costs, return on
equity and

                                       38
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
other adjustments rather than customary charges. Adjustments are recorded  based
on   estimated  amounts  and  contract  interpretations.  Such  adjustments  are
generally  subject  to  final  audit   and  settlement.  Net  revenues   include
adjustments  for the years ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 of $1.9 billion,
$1.8 billion and $1.7 billion,  respectively, for Holdings. Revenue  adjustments
for  AMI for the years  ended August 31, 1993, 1992  and 1991 were $1.9 billion,
$1.8 billion  and  $1.5  billion, respectively.  In  management's  opinion,  the
reserves  established are  adequate to cover  the ultimate  liabilities that may
result from final settlements.

    Healthcare services  provided to  individuals which  were determined  to  be
services  free of  charge are  defined as charity  care. In  accordance with the
AICPA  Industry  Audit  Guide,  these  services  have  not  been  recognized  as
receivables  or  revenues  in the  financial  statements since  they  were never
expected to result in cash flows.

    CONTRACTUAL PROGRAMS

    Net revenues from government programs represented 38%, 37%, and 32% of total
net revenues for the years ended  August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991,  respectively.
In  addition the Company  has net revenues from  other contracted business which
represented 26%, 24% and 21%  of total net revenues  for the years ended  August
31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

    TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES

    Revaluation  gains  or  losses  on  assets  and  liabilities  denominated in
currencies other than the functional currency are included in the  determination
of income. Revaluation losses for debt denominated in foreign currencies for the
year  ended August 31, 1992  totaled $7.8 million and  revaluation gains for the
year ended August 31, 1991 totaled $15.3 million.

    As of  September  1,  1992,  substantially  all  of  the  Company's  foreign
denominated  debt obligations have been redeemed or the Company has entered into
swap agreements  that  hedge against  any  future fluctuations  and,  therefore,
eliminated any future revaluation gains or losses associated with the applicable
debt obligations (See Note 3).

2.  ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS

    1993

    Effective  January  1,  1993, the  Company  merged the  operations  of AMI's
Tarzana Regional Medical Center with the operations of HealthTrust, Inc. --  The
Hospital Company's ("HealthTrust") Encino Hospital. AMI owns 75% of the combined
hospital  operations and therefore  the results of  operations for the hospitals
are fully consolidated with  the results of operations  of Holdings and AMI  for
periods subsequent to January 1, 1993.

    1992

    During  fiscal 1992, the Company sold four domestic acute care hospitals for
aggregate cash  proceeds  of approximately  $100.1  million. These  assets  were
valued  at their respective sales prices, and therefore, no gains or losses were
recognized from these sales in fiscal 1992.

    In October 1991, AMI completed the sale of $89.3 million principal amount of
Zero Coupon Notes Due 2001, issued to  AMI by EPIC Healthcare Group, Inc. for  a
pre-tax  gain of $9.1 million. This transaction  completed the sale of all notes
issued by  EPIC Healthcare  Group, Inc.  to  AMI in  September 1988  as  partial
consideration  for  AMI's sale  of  certain hospitals.  In  March 1992  AMI also
completed the sale of its investment in EPIC Holdings, Inc. Class A and Class  B
Preferred  Stock for aggregate  cash proceeds of  $130 million. The  sale of the
EPIC Holdings, Inc. Class A  and Class B Preferred  Stock resulted in a  pre-tax
gain    of    $110.7   million.    The   total    pre-tax   gain    from   these

                                       39
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

2.  ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (CONTINUED)
transactions was $119.8 million ($80.7  million, net of tax). Additionally,  AMI
exercised  warrants  and  exchanged  its EPIC  Healthcare  Group,  Inc.  Class C
Preferred Stock  to  obtain  22% of  the  fully  diluted common  stock  of  EPIC
Holdings, Inc. (See Note 4). No gain or loss was recorded on the exchange of the
EPIC Healthcare Group, Inc. securities.

    1991

    During  fiscal 1991,  the Company sold  nine domestic  acute care hospitals,
three psychiatric  hospitals,  one hospital  in  Spain, its  health  maintenance
organization,  its 50%  ownership of  an international  acute care  hospital and
certain other assets for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $316  million.
Eight  domestic acute care and all of  the psychiatric hospitals sold were New H
facilities. No gain or loss was recorded  on these transactions due to the  book
value  of these facilities  being adjusted to  reflect the fair  market value of
these assets at October 31, 1989.

    In November 1990,  the Company sold  improvements made  by AMI or  New H  on
facilities  owned by  American Health  Properties, Inc.  ("AHP"), a  real estate
investment trust, to AHP for aggregate  consideration of $29.5 million in  cash.
During  April  1991, the  Company  completed the  sale  and leaseback  of Irvine
Medical Center  to  AHP.  AMI received  $75  million  for the  real  estate  and
buildings  and will continue to  manage the hospital and  own all equipment. AMI
will lease the facility for  an initial term of 13  years with options to  renew
for  up to  an additional 15  years. As a  result of these  sales and subsequent
leaseback, the minimum  lease expense increased  by approximately $13.7  million
per year.

    In  July 1991,  the Company  completed the  sale of  $67.9 million principal
amount of EPIC Healthcare Group, Inc. Junior Subordinated Pay-in-Kind Notes  Due
2003 for a pre-tax gain of $18.6 million, $11.9 million net of tax.

                                       40
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

3.  DEBT

    LONG-TERM DEBT

    Long-term  debt at  August 31,  1993 and 1992  is summarized  as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   1993                          1992
                                                       ----------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                         HOLDINGS          AMI         HOLDINGS          AMI
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Reducing Revolving Credit Facility, 4.8% at August
 31, 1993............................................  $     287,000  $     287,000  $    --        $    --
Senior debt, 11 1/4% to 11 3/8% at August 31,1993,
 net of unamortized discount at August 31, 1993 of
 $10.7 million and due from 1993 through 2015........        125,854        125,854        257,070        257,070
11% Senior Notes, due 2000...........................        100,000        100,000        100,000        100,000
6 1/2% and 6 3/4% Swiss franc/dollar dual currency
 senior notes due 1997, $111.2 million face value,
 net of $22.5 million unamortized discount at August
 31, 1993............................................         88,705         88,705         87,306         87,306
11 1/4% Senior notes due 1995, L37 million face
 value, net of $2.6 million unamortized discount at
 August 31, 1993.....................................         60,084         60,084         58,548         58,548
5% Swiss franc bonds due 1996, SFr.78 million face
 value, net of $7.9 million unamortized discount at
 August 31, 1993.....................................         44,537         44,537         42,022         42,022
Zero Coupon Guaranteed Bonds due 1997 and 2002,
 $179.3 million face value, net of $94.8 million
 unamortized discount at August 31, 1993.............         84,577         84,577         74,375         74,375
9 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes, due 2006...........        150,000        150,000       --             --
13 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes, due 2001..........        193,790        193,790        210,000        210,000
15% Junior Subordinated Discount Debentures, due
 2005................................................        104,485        104,485        172,312        172,312
Notes, and capital lease obligations (notes secured
 by trust deeds on real property with an aggregate
 net book value of approximately $125.4 million at
 August 31, 1993) with varying maturities through
 2014 with interest at an average rate of 9.7%.......         85,464         85,464        103,069        103,069
Debt to Finance Acquisition:
  Senior Term Facilities.............................       --             --              274,334        274,334
  Deferred Refinancing Facility......................       --             --               84,666         84,666
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                           1,324,496      1,324,496      1,463,702      1,463,702
Less -- current maturities...........................         40,831         40,831        130,279        130,279
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       $   1,283,665  $   1,283,665  $   1,333,423  $   1,333,423
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>

    In August 1993, AMI refinanced its existing bank credit facility with a $600
million reducing  revolving  credit  facility (the  "Reducing  Revolving  Credit
Facility").  Initial  proceeds of  $305 million  were  drawn under  the Reducing
Revolving Credit Facility  to repay  amounts outstanding under  the Senior  Term
Facilities and the Deferred Refinancing Facility. AMI may borrow up to, and have

                                       41
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

3.  DEBT (CONTINUED)
outstanding  thereunder, $600  million until December  1995, at  which time such
amount reduces on a quarterly basis through September 1997 to $300 million, with
the remaining  amounts  outstanding  thereunder  becoming  due  and  payable  in
September  1998. In  addition, $35.5  million in  letters of  credit were issued
thereunder. Amounts  outstanding under  the Reducing  Revolving Credit  Facility
accrue  interest, at the option of AMI, at (i) adjusted LIBOR plus 1.5% (subject
to reduction  upon  the satisfaction  of  certain  conditions) or  (ii)  at  the
alternative base rate specified for the Reducing Revolving Credit Facility.

    During  fiscal 1993,  the Company  issued $150  million principal  amount of
9 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2006. The net proceeds from the issuance of
the 9 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes Due 2006 were used to repurchase a  portion
of  the 13 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes Due  2001, a portion of the 15% Junior
Subordinated Discount Debentures Due 2005 and certain other indebtedness with an
aggregate principal  amount of  $121 million  (See Note  12). Additionally,  the
Company  redeemed $49.8  million of  certain other  indebtedness with  cash from
operations.

    In August  1993,  the  remaining  principal  amount  of  the  6  3/4%  Swiss
franc/dollar  dual currency senior notes due  1997 were called for redemption on
November 18,  1993. The  redemption price  of $28  million will  be financed  by
borrowings under the Reducing Revolving Credit Facility (See Note 12).

    On  October  17,  1991  AMI  completed a  public  offering  of  $100 million
principal amount of  11% Senior  Notes Due 2000  ("11% Senior  Notes"). The  net
proceeds  from the 11% Senior  Notes, along with a  portion of the proceeds from
the sale  of  AMI's investment  in  EPIC Holdings,  Inc.  Class A  and  Class  B
Preferred Stock (See Note 2) were used to repurchase or redeem $159.0 million of
senior  indebtedness and $55.4  million of the  9 7/8% unsecured  loan stock due
2011 (See Note 12).

    AMI has entered into swap agreements which hedge any foreign currency  gains
or  losses on the L37  million senior notes, face  amount $62.7 million, and the
SFr.78 million bonds,  face amount  $52.4 million. At  August 31,  1993 no  loss
would  be recognized if the  counter parties to these  swap agreements failed to
perform their obligations.

    The terms  of  certain of  the  Company's indebtedness,  impose  significant
operating  and financial restrictions requiring  the Company to maintain certain
financial  ratios  and  restrict  the  Company's  ability  to  incur  additional
indebtedness  and enter into  leases and guarantees  of debt; to  make loans and
investments; to  pay dividends  or repurchase  shares of  stock; to  repurchase,
retire  or refinance indebtedness prior  to maturity, make capital expenditures;
and to  purchase  or  sell assets.  Subject  to  compliance with  terms  of  its
indebtedness,  the  Company may  (i) incur  additional indebtedness  for various
purposes, including  certain acquisitions  and general  corporate purposes,  and
(ii)  to make capital expenditures in specified amounts ($225 million for fiscal
1994). Additionally, the  Company is authorized  to use up  to $150 million  for
acquisitions  in  fiscal 1994.  The  Company has  pledged  the capital  stock of
certain direct  (first tier)  subsidiaries and  certain patient  receivables  as
security  for  the Company's  obligations  under the  Reducing  Revolving Credit
Facility and certain  other senior  indebtedness. Management  believes that  the
Company  is currently in compliance with all material covenants and restrictions
contained in all financing agreements.

    As of August 31,  1993 the maturities of  long-term debt, including  capital
lease  obligations, for  the five  years ending  August 31,  1998 will  be $40.8
million in fiscal 1994, $155.1 million  in fiscal 1995, $55.9 million in  fiscal
1996, $178.3 million in fiscal 1997 and $2.1 million in fiscal 1998.

                                       42
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

3.  DEBT (CONTINUED)
    CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED DEBT

    Convertible  subordinated debt at August 31,  1993 and 1992 is summarized as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   1993                  1992
                                                           --------------------  --------------------
                                                           HOLDINGS      AMI     HOLDINGS      AMI
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
9 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Debentures, Due 2001.....  $   3,280  $   3,280  $   3,188  $   3,188
8 1/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures, Due 2008.....      7,207      7,207      7,115      7,115
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                           $  10,487  $  10,487  $  10,303  $  10,303
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                           ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    The 9 1/2% Convertible Subordinated  Debentures Due 2001 are convertible  at
$24.38  per share into  209,639 shares of  Holdings' common stock  at August 31,
1993, net  of unamortized  discount  of $1.8  million.  The 8  1/4%  Convertible
Subordinated  Debentures  Due  2008 are  convertible  at $40.00  per  share into
361,400 shares of Holdings' common stock  at August 31, 1993 net of  unamortized
discount of $7.2 million.

    Convertible subordinated debentures are unsecured obligations of the Company
and  are  redeemable at  declining premiums  prior  to their  respective payment
dates.

4.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    The following  methods and  assumptions were  used in  determining the  fair
value of financial instruments:

CASH AND SHORT-TERM CASH INVESTMENTS

    The carrying value of cash and short-term cash investments approximates fair
value  due to the short-term nature of these instruments. As of August 31, 1993,
the aggregate  carrying  value of  cash  and short-term  investments  was  $44.3
million.

INVESTMENTS

    The  Company holds an investment in common  stock of EPIC Holdings, Inc. The
carrying value of the common stock, which is not publicly traded is $.7  million
as  of August 31, 1993. It is not  practicable to estimate the fair value of the
Company's investment due  to the  changing environment in  the marketplace  with
respect  to the  healthcare industry  and the securities  not being  traded on a
recognized market. EPIC Holdings, Inc. had a net deficit in equity at  September
30,  1992, of $58.4 million, and for  the twelve months ended September 30, 1992
had a  net loss  before extraordinary  item of  $23.8 million,  and a  net  loss
applicable  to  common  shares of  $36.2  million.  As of  June  30,  1993, EPIC
Holdings, Inc.'s net deficit  in equity was $70.1  million. For the nine  months
ended June 30, 1993 EPIC Holdings, Inc. had a net loss before extraordinary item
of $16.8 million, and a net loss applicable to common shares of $32.3 million.

    The Company has various other investments for which the determination of the
fair  value is not practicable. The carrying  value of such investments is $27.3
million as of August 31, 1993.

LONG-TERM DEBT

    Fair values of publicly traded notes  have been determined using the  quoted
market  prices at August 31, 1993. The fair value of certain non-publicly traded
notes is based on cash flows discounted using interest rates found on comparable
traded securities. The aggregate carrying value of long-term debt at August  31,
1993, of $1.30 billion had an estimated fair value of $1.49 billion.

                                       43
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

5.  RETIREMENT PLANS
    The Company has a defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all of
the  Company's employees.  The benefits  are based on  years of  service and the
employee's base compensation as defined in the plan. The Company's policy is  to
fund  pension costs accrued  within the limits allowed  under federal income tax
regulations. Contributions  are  intended  to  provide  not  only  for  benefits
attributed to credited service to date, but also for those expected to be earned
in the future.

    In  accordance with SFAS No. 87, the  Company has recorded an adjustment, as
shown in the following tables, to recognize a minimum pension liability.

    The following table  sets forth the  funded status of  the plan and  amounts
recognized  in the consolidated  financial statements as of  August 31, 1993 and
1992 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1993         1992
                                                                      -----------  -----------
<S>                                                                   <C>          <C>
Actuarial present value of accumulated benefit obligation:
  Vested............................................................  $   147,600  $   115,800
                                                                      -----------  -----------
  Accumulated.......................................................  $   155,100  $   122,000
                                                                      -----------  -----------
  Projected benefit obligation......................................  $   170,500  $   138,300
  Plan assets at fair value, primarily listed stock and corporate
   bonds............................................................     (133,000)    (104,800)
                                                                      -----------  -----------
  Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.............       37,500       33,500
  Unrecognized net loss.............................................      (25,900)     (14,200)
  Adjustment for minimum pension liability..........................       10,500      --
                                                                      -----------  -----------
  Pension liability.................................................  $    22,100  $    19,300
                                                                      -----------  -----------
                                                                      -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

Net pension cost includes the following components (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                           ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    1993                   1992                  1991
                                           ----------------------  --------------------  --------------------
                                            HOLDINGS      AMI      HOLDINGS      AMI     HOLDINGS      AMI
                                           ----------  ----------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Service cost -- benefits earned during
 the period..............................  $    6,800  $    6,800  $   7,600  $   7,600  $   7,400  $   6,700
Interest cost on projected benefit
 obligation..............................      12,200      12,200     10,000     10,000     10,800      9,800
Actual return on plan assets.............     (18,500)    (16,000)    (4,500)    (4,500)    (8,000)    (7,200)
Net amortization and deferral............       7,000       4,600     (7,100)    (7,100)      (800)      (700)
                                           ----------  ----------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
Net periodic pension cost................  $    7,500  $    7,600  $   6,000  $   6,000  $   9,400  $   8,600
                                           ----------  ----------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                           ----------  ----------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    In addition,  the  Company  has a  nonfunded  supplemental  defined  benefit
retirement plan for Company executives ("SERP").

                                       44
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

5.  RETIREMENT PLANS (CONTINUED)
    The following table sets forth the amounts recognized for the nonfunded SERP
in  the consolidated  financial statements  as of August  31, 1993  and 1992 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     1993       1992
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                                <C>        <C>
Actuarial present value of accumulated benefit obligation:
  Vested.........................................................................  $  43,000  $  43,500
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
  Accumulated....................................................................  $  43,900  $  43,800
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
  Projected benefit obligation (unfunded)........................................  $  49,700  $  45,600
  Unrecognized net gain (loss)...................................................       (900)       600
  Unrecognized transition costs..................................................       (300)      (300)
  Unrecognized prior service costs...............................................        200        200
  Adjustment for minimum pension liability.......................................      2,900     --
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
  SERP liability.................................................................  $  51,600  $  46,100
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
                                                                                   ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    Net SERP cost for the  years ended August 31,  1993, 1992 and 1991  includes
the following components (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------
                                                           1993              1992              1991
                                                     ----------------  ----------------  ----------------
                                                     HOLDINGS   AMI    HOLDINGS   AMI    HOLDINGS   AMI
                                                     --------  ------  --------  ------  --------  ------
<S>                                                  <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>
Service cost -- benefits earned during the
 period............................................  $   900   $  900  $   100   $  100  $   300   $  300
Interest costs on projected benefit obligation.....    3,600    3,600    3,700    3,700    3,900    3,900
Net amortization and deferral......................     (300 )   (300)    (100 )   (100)    (100 )   (100)
                                                     --------  ------  --------  ------  --------  ------
Net periodic SERP cost.............................  $ 4,200   $4,200  $ 3,700   $3,700  $ 4,100   $4,100
                                                     --------  ------  --------  ------  --------  ------
                                                     --------  ------  --------  ------  --------  ------
</TABLE>

    The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the actuarial present
value  of the  projected benefit  obligation for the  SERP and  the pension plan
approximated 7.5%  and  9%  for  the  years ended  August  31,  1993  and  1992,
respectively.  The rate of increase in future compensation levels was 5% for the
SERP and 3.5%  for the  pension plan  in fiscal 1993.  The rate  of increase  in
future  compensation levels was 8% for the SERP  and 5% for the pension plans in
fiscal 1992 and 1991. The  expected long-term rate of  return on assets was  10%
and  10.5% for the  years ended August  31, 1993 and  1992, respectively for the
pension plan.

    The Company also has a tax deferred savings plan. Expenses relating to  this
plan were $7.3 million, $5.6 million and $6.2 million for the years ended August
31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively for Holdings and AMI.

    In  December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board adopted SFAS No.
106 which establishes Employer's  Accounting for Post-Retirement Benefits  Other
Than  Pensions.  This  statement requires  the  recognition of  a  liability for
post-retirement benefits on an  accrual basis rather than  on a cash basis.  The
Company  does  not provide  any  post-retirement healthcare  and  life insurance
benefits to retired employees, and therefore SFAS No. 106 will have no impact on
the Company's results of operations.

6.  PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY RISKS
    As is typical in the healthcare  industry, the Company is subject to  claims
and  legal actions by patients  in the ordinary course  of business. The Company
self-insures the professional and general

                                       45
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

6.  PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY RISKS (CONTINUED)

liability claims for nine of its hospitals up to $500,000 per occurrence and for
25  of its hospitals  up to $3 million  per occurrence. Prior  to June, 1993 the
self-insured retention for  these 25  hospitals was $5  million per  occurrence.
Coverage  for professional  and general liability  claims for  the Company's two
remaining hospitals is maintained with outside insurance carriers.

    The Company owns a 35% equity interest in an insurance company which insures
excess professional and general  liability risks for  those hospitals which  are
self-insured.  The excess coverage provided by this insurance company is limited
to $25 million per claim. The Company purchases additional excess insurance from
a commercial carrier.  For the  period from January  1986 to  February 1991  the
Company  had no excess coverage  for the majority of  its hospitals. However, in
March 1991 the Company purchased prior acts coverage which substantially reduces
the uninsured liability for  this period. For the  years ended August 31,  1993,
1992  and 1991  the Company  paid $5.0 million,  $4.6 million  and $3.1 million,
respectively in premiums  to this insurance  company. In fiscal  1993, 1992  and
1991  the Company received distributions of prior year premiums of $2.4 million,
$3.8 million  and $3.6  million, respectively  from the  insurance company.  The
Company  also received dividends of $2.7  million, $4.7 million and $3.9 million
from this insurance company in fiscal years 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

    The Company maintains  an unfunded  reserve for  its professional  liability
risks  which is based, in part,  on actuarial estimates calculated and evaluated
by an independent  actuary. Actual hospital  professional and general  liability
costs for a particular period are not normally known for several years after the
period  has ended. The  delay in determining  the actual cost  associated with a
particular period is due to the time between the occurrence of an incident,  the
reporting thereof and the settlement of related claims. Because of this delay in
payment, reserves for losses and related expenses, using expected loss reporting
patterns determined in conjunction with the actuary, are discounted using a rate
of  9% to their present  value. Adjustments to the  total reserves determined in
conjunction with the actuary on an annual  basis are recorded by the Company  as
an increase or decrease in the current year's earnings.

    In  connection with the sale of domestic hospitals, the Company retained all
professional and  general liability  exposure arising  prior to  the  respective
dates of sale.

    In addition, the Company paid $1.9 million, $2.0 million and $2.5 million to
other  outside insurers  for the  years ended  August 31,  1993, 1992  and 1991,
respectively.

    For the fiscal years ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, Holdings recorded
self insurance  expense  of $24.7  million,  $13.5 million  and  $28.2  million,
respectively.  For the fiscal  years ended August  31, 1993, 1992  and 1991, AMI
recorded self  insurance  expense of  $24.7  million, $13.5  million  and  $24.5
million, respectively.

    As  of August 31, 1993 and 1992, the unfunded reserve for self insurance was
$117.6 million  and $117.2  million,  respectively, of  which $17.0  million  in
fiscal  1993 and 1992 is  included in current liabilities.  For the fiscal years
ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and  1991, payments for claims and expenses  totaled
$24.3 million, $17.1 million and $25.3 million, respectively.

7.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    The   Company  has  guaranteed  long-term  debt  and  lease  obligations  of
unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates  aggregating $35.5 million at  August
31, 1993.

    The  Company leases six acute care  facilities, certain office space, office
equipment and medical  equipment. The  future minimum lease  payments under  all
operating leases for 1994, 1995, 1996,

                                       46
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

7.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)
1997, 1998 and thereafter are $67.9 million, $62.5 million, $52.7 million, $48.1
million and $45.2 million, respectively. In addition, the Company incurs certain
additional  rents (contingency rents)  based on a percentage  of the increase in
net revenues. These additional  rents were $6.4 million,  $5.7 million and  $6.6
million for the years ended August 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

    The  Company  had approximately  $22.5  million of  construction commitments
outstanding for renovations at August 31, 1993.

    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    Holdings and AMI  are subject to  claims and suits  arising in the  ordinary
course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of all
pending  legal  proceedings  will not  have  a  material adverse  effect  on the
business or financial condition of Holdings or AMI.

8.  COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE OBLIGATIONS
    Certain executive officers of AMI purchased shares of Holdings' common stock
and in connection therewith were  granted options to purchase additional  shares
of common stock. Under certain circumstances, these purchasers have the right to
sell  such shares to the Company at market  value ($14.00 per share as of August
31,  1993)  and   therefore,  such   shares  are   classified  separately   from
shareholders'  equity at their repurchase price. As of August 31, 1993, 1992 and
1991, 431,858, 445,976 and  768,623 shares, respectively,  of common stock  were
subject  to repurchase obligations. These shares  are subject to restrictions on
transferability and Holdings generally has  the right to repurchase such  shares
under certain circumstances.

9.  CAPITAL STOCK
    COMMON STOCK

    Holdings  is the owner of all the outstanding shares of common stock of AMI.
As of August 31, 1993, 72,481,000 shares of AMI common stock were outstanding.

    OPTION PLANS

    The Company  maintains two  stock option  plans, the  Nonqualified  Employee
Stock  Option Plan  (the "Option Plan")  and the  Nonqualified Performance Stock
Option Plan for  Key Employees  (the "Key  Employees Plan"),  pursuant to  which
employees and, in the case of the Key Employees Plan, key employees, of Holdings
and its subsidiaries are eligible to receive stock options to purchase shares of
common stock.

    The  table below summarizes  the transactions in  the Company's stock option
plans for the  years ended  August 31,  1993, 1992  and 1991  (shares of  common
stock):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    1993         1992         1991
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>
Outstanding at beginning of period.............................    3,179,317    3,450,246    1,863,690
Granted........................................................      525,696      565,000    2,149,194
Exercised ($7.03 to $9.75 per share in 1993, $7.03 per share in
 1992 and 1991)................................................     (192,548)    (114,849)     (38,568)
Canceled or expired............................................     (169,782)    (721,080)    (524,070)
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
Outstanding at end of period...................................    3,342,683    3,179,317    3,450,246
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
Exercisable at end of period...................................    1,280,513      908,999      476,782
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                                 -----------  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

    The  Key Employees Plan  generally provides options  that are exercisable at
prices ranging from $7.03 to $9.75 per share, vest over a period of five to  ten
years based on the attainment of specified

                                       47
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

9.  CAPITAL STOCK (CONTINUED)
performance  goals and expire ten years from  the date of grant. The Option Plan
generally provides options that are exercisable at prices ranging from $7.03  to
$9.75  per share, vest over a period of five years and expire ten years from the
date of grant.

    EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

    In January 1993  the Company adopted  an Employee Stock  Purchase Plan  (the
"Plan"). The purpose of the Plan is to provide an incentive for employees of the
Company to own Holdings' common stock. The Company has reserved 2,300,000 shares
of  Holdings' common stock for  the plan. The plan  allows eligible employees to
contribute up to 10% of their  base earnings to purchase Holdings' common  stock
quarterly,  through payroll deductions, at 85% of the lower of the closing price
on the first or last day of the Plan quarter.

10. INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
    Interest expense, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      1993                      1992                      1991
                                            ------------------------  ------------------------  ------------------------
                                             HOLDINGS        AMI       HOLDINGS        AMI       HOLDINGS        AMI
                                            -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Interest costs............................  $   121,279  $   121,279  $   154,708  $   154,708  $   261,270  $   225,477
Amortization of debt discount and deferred
 financing costs and non-cash interest....       60,617       60,617       62,396       62,396       76,038       71,387
Interest costs capitalized................       (1,418)      (1,418)      (2,560)      (2,560)      (6,928)      (6,928)
                                            -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                180,478      180,478      214,544      214,544      330,380      289,936
Interest income...........................      (13,896)     (13,896)      (9,988)      (9,988)     (20,192)     (20,037)
                                            -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
Interest expense, net.....................  $   166,582  $   166,582  $   204,556  $   204,556  $   310,188  $   269,899
                                            -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                            -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

                                       48
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

11. INCOME TAXES
    (Provisions) benefits for income taxes, excluding the tax effect of minority
equity interest  and the  extraordinary  item, consisted  of the  following  (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 FEDERAL      STATE      TOTAL
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
<S>                                                                             <C>         <C>        <C>
Holdings:
  1993
    Current (including current portion of deferred)...........................  $  (58,600) $  (9,900) $  (68,500)
    Deferred..................................................................        (400)       100        (300)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (59,000) $  (9,800) $  (68,800)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
  1992
    Current (including current portion of deferred)...........................  $  (50,100) $  (8,200) $  (58,300)
    Deferred..................................................................     (18,700)      (900)    (19,600)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (68,800) $  (9,100) $  (77,900)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
  1991
    Current...................................................................  $   (2,300) $  (1,300) $   (3,600)
    Deferred..................................................................     (13,900)    (3,300)    (17,200)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (16,200) $  (4,600) $  (20,800)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
AMI:
  1993
    Current (including current portion of deferred)...........................  $  (58,600) $  (9,900) $  (68,500)
    Deferred..................................................................        (400)       100        (300)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (59,000) $  (9,800) $  (68,800)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
  1992
    Current (including current portion of deferred)...........................  $  (50,100) $  (8,200) $  (58,300)
    Deferred..................................................................     (18,700)      (900)    (19,600)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (68,800) $  (9,100) $  (77,900)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
  1991
    Current...................................................................  $   (8,700) $  (1,300) $  (10,000)
    Deferred..................................................................     (16,300)    (4,000)    (20,300)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                $  (25,000) $  (5,300) $  (30,300)
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
                                                                                ----------  ---------  ----------
</TABLE>

                                       49
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

11. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
    The  approximate tax effect of each  type of temporary difference that gives
rise to  a significant  portion of  deferred tax  liabilities and  deferred  tax
assets as of August 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             1993         1992
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
<S>                                                                                       <C>          <C>
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property, plant and equipment.........................................................  $   278,700  $   281,700
  Change in accounting method...........................................................       20,000       27,400
  Debt discounts and deferred loan costs................................................       10,400       14,100
  Other, net............................................................................       59,951       46,402
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
    Total deferred tax liabilities......................................................      369,051      369,602
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
Deferred tax assets:
  Self-insurance reserves...............................................................       54,300       53,000
  Other deferred expenses...............................................................       20,900       23,200
  Deferred gains and losses.............................................................       26,400       26,700
  Bad debt reserves.....................................................................        4,600        4,200
  Deferred compensation.................................................................       46,800       42,300
  Other, net............................................................................       43,000       43,900
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
    Total deferred tax assets...........................................................      196,000      193,300
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
      Net deferred tax liability........................................................  $   173,051  $   176,302
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

    The  net  deferred tax  liability recognized  in the  consolidated financial
statements as of August 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             1993         1992
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
<S>                                                                                       <C>          <C>
Current asset (included in other current assets)........................................  $   (38,400) $   (42,900)
Noncurrent liability....................................................................      211,451      219,202
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
    Net deferred tax liability..........................................................  $   173,051  $   176,302
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
                                                                                          -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

    In August, 1993, the Revenue Reconciliation  Act of 1993 was enacted.  Among
other tax law changes, such law increased the corporate income tax rate from 34%
to  35% effective for the period beginning on  or after January 1, 1993. For the
year ended August 31, 1993,  the federal statutory tax  rate for the Company  is
the blended tax rate of 34.67%.

                                       50
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

11. INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
    The  consolidated  effective  tax  provision differed  from  that  using the
federal statutory rate as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1993                      1992                     1991
                                      ------------------------  ------------------------  ----------------------
                                       HOLDINGS        AMI       HOLDINGS        AMI       HOLDINGS      AMI
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
Income before taxes, minority equity
 interest and extraordinary loss....  $   139,539  $   139,539  $   188,836  $   188,836  $    3,172  $   29,876
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
Provision calculated using federal
 statutory rate.....................  $   (48,400) $   (48,400) $   (64,200) $   (64,200) $   (1,100) $  (10,200)
Amortization of goodwill............      (11,100)     (11,100)     (11,000)     (11,000)    (11,500)    (11,500)
State income tax provision (net of
 federal income tax benefit)........       (5,500)      (5,500)      (6,000)      (6,000)     (3,100)     (3,500)
Impact on deferred taxes of federal
 tax rate change....................       (4,000)      (4,000)          --           --          --          --
  Other, net........................          200          200        3,300        3,300      (5,100)     (5,100)
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
Provision for income taxes..........  $   (68,800) $   (68,800) $   (77,900) $   (77,900) $  (20,800) $  (30,300)
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
                                      -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----------
</TABLE>

    Holdings had operating loss and capital loss carryforwards for tax  purposes
of  $42 million  and $9 million,  respectively, for which  deferred tax benefits
have been recognized in the financial statements. The operating loss and capital
loss carryforwards  have been  utilized  against net  income and  capital  gains
arising in fiscal year 1992.

    In  addition, Holdings had a capital  loss carryover for financial reporting
and tax  purposes  of $67.1  million,  for which  a  tax benefit  had  not  been
recognized  in the  financial statements. This  capital loss  carryover has been
fully utilized against  capital gains arising  in fiscal year  1992 and  against
capital  gains on assets sold  prior to the acquisition  of AMI. The tax benefit
associated with the capital loss carryover  has been credited to cost in  excess
of net assets acquired in accordance with SFAS No. 109.

12. EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES ON EARLY EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT
    During  fiscal 1993,  AMI repurchased  or redeemed  $146.8 million principal
amount of outstanding indebtedness, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $41.0 million
or $25.4 million, net of tax. Of such amount, $88.8 million principal amount  of
outstanding  indebtedness was repurchased or  redeemed during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 1993, resulting in a pre-tax  loss of $30.4 million or $18.8  million,
net of tax.

    During  fiscal 1992,  AMI repurchased or  redeemed $159.0  million of senior
indebtedness and $55.4  million of  the 9 7/8%  unsecured loan  stock due  2011,
resulting in a pre-tax loss of $15.6 million or $10.0 million, net of tax.

13. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
    Holdings'  earnings (loss)  per share for  the years ended  August 31, 1993,
1992 and 1991 is based upon the  weighted average number of shares of  Holdings'
common  stock  outstanding. In  accordance with  APB Opinion  15, the  impact of
common  stock  equivalents  is  not   considered  since  they  either  have   an
anti-dilutive effect or the effect on dilution is less than three percent.

                                       51
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

14. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
    Short-term  cash investments  at August  31, 1993  and 1992,  valued at cost
(approximates market), totaled $30.2 million and $51.2 million, respectively.

    Holdings and AMI  paid income taxes  (net of refunds)  of $83.6 million  and
$24.2  million for the  years ended August  31, 1993 and  1991. Holdings and AMI
received income tax  refunds (net  of payments) of  $22.5 million  for the  year
ended August 31, 1992. Holdings and AMI paid interest (net of capitalized costs)
for  the years  ended August  31, 1993,  and 1992  of $120.5  million and $154.1
million, respectively.  Holdings  paid interest  (net  of capitalized  cost)  of
$271.6  million for the  year ended August  31, 1991. AMI  paid interest (net of
capitalized costs) of $235.4 million for the year ended August 31, 1991.

    Non-cash transactions for  the years ended  August 31, 1993,  1992 and  1991
were as follows:

    For  the years  ended August 31,  1993 and 1992  an $8.2 million  and a $9.3
million loss,  net of  tax, respectively,  was  recognized as  a result  of  the
writeoff of the discounts and deferred financing costs associated with the early
extinguishment of debt.

    For the years ended August 31, 1993 and 1991 an increase of $1.8 million and
a  decrease  of $.8  million, respectively  was recognized  by Holdings  for the
common stock subject to repurchase obligations due to market price changes.  For
the  year ended August 31,1992, there was no market price change and, therefore,
no effect on the value of the common stock subject to repurchase obligations.

    During fiscal 1993,  the Company  assumed net assets  of approximately  $8.0
million  as a result of the merger  of AMI's Tarzana Regional Medical Center and
HealthTrust's Encino Hospital.

    In fiscal  1992, the  Company  recognized $27.1  million  of debt  from  the
consolidation  of  remaining equity  joint  venture interests.  Additionally, in
fiscal 1992, Holdings contributed $7.2 million of New H assets to AMI.

    In fiscal 1991, the Company exchanged  $148.5 million 18 1/4% Variable  Rate
Senior   Subordinated  Discount  Notes  for  15%  Junior  Subordinated  Discount
Debentures, Due 2005. In addition, in fiscal 1991, the Company exchanged  $606.2
million of Funding Notes.

                                       52
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

15. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
    Quarterly  financial information  for the  Company for  the two  years ended
August 31, 1993  and 1992 is  summarized below (in  thousands, except per  share
amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   FISCAL 1993
                                                                --------------------------------------------------
                                                                   FIRST       SECOND        THIRD       FOURTH
                                                                  QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER
                                                                -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net revenues..................................................  $   541,893  $   566,142  $   565,475  $   565,015
Operating income..............................................       65,859       80,577       85,313       74,372
Income before taxes, minority equity interest and
 extraordinary loss...........................................       20,786       37,083       41,126       40,544
Income before extraordinary loss..............................       10,561       18,282       21,721       16,405
Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt............      --           --            (6,594)     (18,837)
Net income (loss).............................................  $    10,561  $    18,282  $    15,127  $    (2,432)
Holdings' income (loss) per share:
  Income before extraordinary loss............................  $      0.14  $      0.24  $      0.28  $      0.21
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt..........      --           --             (0.09)       (0.24)
  Net income (loss)...........................................  $      0.14  $      0.24  $      0.19  $     (0.03)

<CAPTION>
                                                                                   FISCAL 1992
                                                                --------------------------------------------------
                                                                   FIRST       SECOND        THIRD       FOURTH
                                                                  QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER
                                                                -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Net revenues..................................................  $   538,599  $   571,077  $   565,389  $   562,847
Operating income..............................................       53,468       73,654       80,613       65,854
Income before taxes, minority equity interest and
 extraordinary loss...........................................        8,743       21,396      141,212       17,485
Income before extraordinary loss..............................        1,955        9,860       91,321        6,482
Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt............       (1,800)     --            (3,108)      (5,089)
Net income....................................................  $       155  $     9,860  $    88,213  $     1,393
Holdings' income (loss) per share:
  Income before extraordinary loss............................  $      0.02  $      0.13  $      1.18  $      0.08
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt..........        (0.02)     --             (0.04)       (0.06)
  Net income..................................................  $   --       $      0.13  $      1.14  $      0.02
</TABLE>

    The  operating income  for the fourth  quarter of fiscal  1993 reflects $3.5
million expense from the relocation of the Houston regional office to the Dallas
headquarters. Additional  charges  totaling  $3.0  million  were  recognized  in
previous  quarters  offset by  benefits.  Income before  taxes,  minority equity
interest and extraordinary loss includes an $8.6 million refund of interest paid
to the Internal Revenue Service in prior periods. The provision for income taxes
includes the impact of a $5.1 million increase in the provision for income taxes
due to the enactment of the  Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 which  increased
the corporate income tax rate 1% to 35% from 34%.

    The  operating  income  for  the  fourth  quarter  of  fiscal  1992 reflects
increased net revenues from  a $10 million  Medicare settlement associated  with
Columbia  Regional Hospital.  In addition, operating  income was  impacted by an
$11.0  million  adjustment   to  increase  reserves   associated  with   workers
compensation  liabilities as a  result of adverse  development on claims arising
from prior periods.

    Holding's earnings per share for the  third quarter of fiscal 1992 is  based
upon  the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted
to give  effect to  common stock  equivalents consisting  of stock  options  and
shares issuable in connection with convertible debentures.

                                       53
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

15. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED)
Holding's  earnings (loss) per share for all other periods presented is based on
the weighted average  number of  shares of  common stock  outstanding since  all
common  stock equivalents  have either  an antidilutive  effect or  no effect on
dilution.

16. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION
    The Company's only material business segment is "healthcare" which accounted
for substantially all  of its  revenues and operating  results for  each of  the
periods presented. Holdings currently has domestic operations only.

17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  AMI,  the  Company  entered into
transactions with  related parties.  An  affiliate of  a major  shareholder  was
engaged  as a financial advisor  to the Company during  fiscal 1991. The Company
paid this shareholder approximately $2.4  million for advisory services for  the
year ended August 31, 1991. In addition, this shareholder received approximately
$3.0 million in fiscal 1991 for assistance provided in the divestiture program.

    An  affiliate of a major shareholder served as the lead managing underwriter
of the public  offering of  16.2 million shares  of Holdings  common stock,  the
issuance  of the 13 1/2%  Senior Subordinated Notes Due  2001 and the 11% Senior
Notes Due 2000. This related party received underwriting fees of $.9 million and
$6.0 million in  fiscal 1992 and  1991, respectively. In  fiscal 1992 and  1991,
this same related party received advisory fees of $1.3 million and $6.0 million,
respectively, in connection with divestitures and $.4 million in fiscal 1991 for
other advisory services.

    An entity associated with a general partner of a major shareholder agreed to
provide  credit support to domestic hospital  subsidiaries of AMI for which such
entity receives an  annual fee of  $750,000. The credit  support commitment  was
replaced with the fiscal 1993 refinancing of the bank credit facility.

                                       54
<PAGE>
                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

To the Board of Directors
of American Medical Holdings, Inc. and
American Medical International, Inc.

    Our  audits  of the  consolidated financial  statements  referred to  in our
report dated October 15,  1993, appearing on  page 37 of  this Annual Report  on
Form  10-K  also  included an  audit  of  the Financial  Statement  Schedules of
American Medical Holdings, Inc.  (Holdings) and American Medical  International,
Inc.  (AMI) as of and for  the years ended August 31,  1993, August 31, 1992 and
August 31, 1991 as listed in Item 14(a) of the form 10-K. In our opinion,  these
Financial  Statement  Schedules present  fairly, in  all material  respects, the
information set  forth  therein  when  read  in  conjunction  with  the  related
consolidated financial statements.

Price Waterhouse
Dallas, Texas
October 15, 1993

                                       55
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
    SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES
                   FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           BALANCE AT                              BALANCE AT                             BALANCE AT
                           AUGUST 31,                COLLECTIONS/  AUGUST 31,                COLLECTIONS/ AUGUST 31,
NAME OF DEBTOR               1990(1)     ADVANCES       OTHER        1991(1)     ADVANCES       OTHER       1992(1)     ADVANCES
- - - - -------------------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
R. Jeffrey Taylor........   $ 100,000   $   --       $(100,000)(2)  $  --       $   --        $  --        $  --       $   --
Charles N. Sabatino......     138,050       --        (138,050)(2)     --           --           --           --           --
Robert W. O'Leary........      --         600,000(3)      --          600,000       --         (200,000)     400,000       --
John T. Casey............      --           --            --           --         150,000(4)   (150,000)      --         375,000(3)
Alan J. Chamison.........      --           --            --           --         375,000(3)   (115,000)     260,000       --
Edwin O. French..........      --           --            --           --          69,000(4)    (69,000)      --           --
Marshall I. Smith........      --           --            --           --         150,000(5)     --          150,000       --
                           -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                            $ 238,050   $ 600,000    $(238,050)     $ 600,000   $ 744,000     $(534,000)   $ 810,000   $ 375,000
                           -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                           -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------

<CAPTION>
                                        BALANCE AT
                           COLLECTIONS/ AUGUST 31,
NAME OF DEBTOR                OTHER       1993(1)
- - - - -------------------------  -----------  -----------
<S>                        <C>          <C>
R. Jeffrey Taylor........   $  --        $  --
Charles N. Sabatino......      --           --
Robert W. O'Leary........    (200,000)     200,000
John T. Casey............     (15,626)     359,374
Alan J. Chamison.........    (125,000)     135,000
Edwin O. French..........      --           --
Marshall I. Smith........      --          150,000
                           -----------  -----------
                            $(340,626)   $ 844,374
                           -----------  -----------
                           -----------  -----------
<FN>
- - - - ----------------------------------
(1)   The  balances  outstanding  for  each of  the  years  presented  have been
      reflected  as  long  term   receivables  in  the  consolidated   financial
      statements.
(2)   These  were loans made to the borrowers  for the purchase of each of their
      principal places  of  residence.  Subsequent to  August  31,  1991,  these
      employees  were terminated and  based on the  terms of the  loans, were no
      longer obligated to repay  such amounts. Such  amounts were reserved  for,
      and therefore these loans are no longer outstanding.
(3)   These  interest free loans were made to  the borrowers for the purchase of
      common  stock.  These  loans  are  due  and  payable  10  days  after  the
      termination  of the borrower's  employment. The loans  will be forgiven by
      the Company in equal monthly increments for 36 months continuing from  the
      original  date of grant until fully amortized  for so long as the borrower
      serves as an officer of the Company. In the event of termination prior  to
      36 months of service, these loans become due and payable 10 days after the
      termination date.
(4)   These  interest free loans were made to  the borrowers for the purchase of
      each of their principal places of  residence and are repaid upon the  sale
      of their previous residence.
(5)   This  interest free loan was made to  the borrower for the purchase of his
      principal place of residence  and was to  be repaid upon  the sale of  his
      previous  residence. As of  August 31, 1993,  such employee was terminated
      and based on the terms of the severance agreement set therewith, the  loan
      will be repaid during fiscal 1994.
</TABLE>

                                       56
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      SCHEDULE V -- PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
               FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            BALANCE AT     ADDITIONS
                                           BEGINNING OF   AT COST AND   SALES AND                    BALANCE AT
                                              PERIOD       TRANSFERS   RETIREMENTS       OTHER      END OF PERIOD
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                        <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>
Holdings and AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1993
  Land...................................  $     105,241   $  --       $       (518) $    --        $     104,723
  Buildings and improvements.............      1,111,163      39,547        --            1,180(1)      1,151,890
  Equipment..............................        443,561      63,667         (6,464)      6,741(1)        507,505
  Construction in progress...............         24,419       9,470           (162)      2,100(1)         35,827
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           $   1,684,384   $ 112,684   $     (7,144) $   10,021     $   1,799,945
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
Holdings:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
  Land...................................  $     113,417   $     490   $     (9,677) $    1,011(2)  $     105,241
  Buildings and improvements.............      1,099,312      51,546        (65,743)     26,048(2)      1,111,163
  Equipment..............................        415,747      55,251        (27,437)      --              443,561
  Construction in progress...............         28,507      (3,951)          (137)      --               24,419
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           $   1,656,983   $ 103,336   $   (102,994) $   27,059     $   1,684,384
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
  Land...................................  $     174,997   $     252   $    (61,832) $    --        $     113,417
  Buildings and improvements.............      1,065,006     116,217        (81,911)      --            1,099,312
  Equipment..............................        415,978      59,627        (59,858)      --              415,747
  Construction in progress...............        134,571     (42,003)       (64,061)      --               28,507
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           $   1,790,552   $ 134,093   $   (267,662) $    --        $   1,656,983
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
  Land...................................  $     112,632   $     490   $     (9,677) $    1,796(3)  $     105,241
  Buildings and improvements.............      1,064,919      51,546        (65,743)     60,441(3)      1,111,163
  Equipment..............................        402,831      55,251        (27,437)     12,916(3)        443,561
  Construction in progress...............         26,607      (3,951)          (137)      1,900(3)         24,419
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           $   1,606,989   $ 103,336   $   (102,994) $   77,053(3)  $   1,684,384
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
  Land...................................  $     138,342   $     682   $    (26,392) $    --        $     112,632
  Buildings and improvements.............      1,035,098     106,973        (77,152)      --            1,064,919
  Equipment..............................        362,379      63,199        (22,747)      --              402,831
  Construction in progress...............         82,471     (53,867)        (1,997)      --               26,607
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           $   1,618,290   $ 116,987   $   (128,288) $    --        $   1,606,989
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
                                           -------------  -----------  ------------  -------------  -------------
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(1)   Represents  the assumption of net assets as  a result of (a) the merger of
      AMI's Tarzana Regional  Medical Center and  HealthTrust's Encino  Hospital
      and  (b) the  recognition of the  consolidation of  investments which were
      previously recorded on the equity method.
(2)   Recognition of the consolidation of a joint venture previously recorded on
      the equity method.
(3)   Reflects the effect of Holdings' contribution  of all the common stock  of
      New  H,  a wholly  owned subsidiary  of Holdings,  to AMI  as well  as the
      recognition of the consolidation of a joint venture previously recorded on
      the equity method.
</TABLE>

                                       57
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
       SCHEDULE VI -- ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
               FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         BALANCE AT                                           BALANCE AT
                                                        BEGINNING OF                SALES AND                   END OF
                                                           PERIOD      PROVISION   RETIREMENTS     OTHER        PERIOD
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Holdings and AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1993
  Buildings and improvements..........................   $  125,551   $    50,787   $     (21)  $    --       $   176,317
  Equipment...........................................      164,485        59,481      (4,547 )     --            219,419
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        $   290,036   $   110,268  $   (4,568 ) $   --        $   395,736
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
Holdings:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
  Buildings and improvements..........................  $    85,416   $    50,497  $  (10,362 ) $   --        $   125,551
  Equipment...........................................      116,981        59,120     (11,616 )     --            164,485
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        $   202,397   $   109,617  $  (21,978 ) $   --        $   290,036
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
  Buildings and improvements..........................  $    39,284   $    48,154  $   (2,022 ) $   --        $    85,416
  Equipment...........................................       54,302        78,162     (15,483 )     --            116,981
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        $    93,586   $   126,316  $  (17,505 ) $   --        $   202,397
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
  Buildings and improvements..........................  $    80,067   $    50,497  $  (10,362 ) $    5,349  (1) $   125,551
  Equipment...........................................      113,121        59,120     (11,616 )      3,860  (1)     164,485
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        $   193,188   $   109,617  $  (21,978 ) $    9,209    $   290,036
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
  Buildings and improvements..........................  $    37,193   $    47,547  $   (4,673 ) $   --        $    80,067
  Equipment...........................................       49,100        69,473      (5,452 )     --            113,121
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        $    86,293   $   117,020  $  (10,125 ) $   --        $   193,188
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
                                                        ------------  -----------  -----------  ------------  -----------
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(1) Reflects the effect of Holdings' contribution of all the common stock of New
    H, a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings, to AMI.
</TABLE>

                                       58
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              SCHEDULE VIII -- RESERVES FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE ACCOUNTS
               FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   BALANCE AT                                            BALANCE AT
                                                    BEGINNING                 SALES AND                    END OF
                                                    OF PERIOD   PROVISIONS   RETIREMENTS      OTHER        PERIOD
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Holdings and AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1993
Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts..............   $  86,744   $   148,135  $   (136,736) $    --        $  98,143
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
Holdings:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts..............   $  68,326   $   163,824  $   (145,406) $    --        $  86,744
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts..............   $  78,816   $   162,842  $   (172,526) $    (806)     $  68,326
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
AMI:
Year Ended August 31, 1992
Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts..............   $  62,570   $   163,824  $   (145,406) $   5,756(1)   $  86,744
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
Year Ended August 31, 1991
Reserves for Uncollectible Accounts..............   $  68,722   $   145,998  $   (152,150) $    --        $  62,570
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
                                                   -----------  -----------  ------------  ------------  -----------
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(1)   Reflects the effect of Holdings' contribution  of all the common stock  of
      New H, a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings, to AMI.
</TABLE>

                                       59
<PAGE>
                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
             AMERICAN MEDICAL INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
            SCHEDULE X -- SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
               FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEAR ENDED      YEAR ENDED      YEAR ENDED
                                                                    AUGUST 31,      AUGUST 31,      AUGUST 31,
                                                                       1993            1992            1991
                                                                  --------------  --------------  --------------
<S>                                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
ITEM
Holdings:
Maintenance and repairs.........................................    $   33,294      $   30,716      $   34,374
Depreciation and amortization of intangibles and other assets...        37,129          39,434          39,131
Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes......................        29,677          27,370          29,420
AMI:
Maintenance and repairs.........................................    $   33,294      $   30,716      $   30,729
Depreciation and amortization of intangibles and other assets...        37,129          39,434          37,495
Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes......................        29,677          27,370          26,566
</TABLE>

                                       60
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11

                AMERICAN MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       COMPUTATIONS OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
                                                               -------------------------------------
                                                                 1993         1992          1991
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
<S>                                                            <C>          <C>         <C>
Simple:
  Net income (loss) before extraordinary loss................  $66,969      $109,618    $ (19,013)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt.........  (25,431  )   (9,997  )      --
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Net income (loss)..........................................  $41,538      $99,621     $ (19,013)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
    Average outstanding shares...............................   76,760      $76,645        50,698
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
    Simple net income (loss) per share.......................  $  0.87      $ 1.43      $   (0.38)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt.........    (0.33  )    (0.13  )      --
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Simple net income (loss) per share.........................  $  0.54      $ 1.30      $   (0.38)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
Primary:
  Net income (loss)..........................................  $41,538      $99,621     $ (19,013)
  Adjustment for interest on debentures and other
   adjustments, net of tax...................................      280         254            218
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Net income (loss) for primary..............................  $41,818      $99,875     $ (18,795)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Average outstanding shares.................................   76,760      76,645         50,698
  Common stock equivalents assuming exercise of
   stock options.............................................      819         564            342
  Common stock equivalents assuming conversion of
   debentures................................................      210         210            210
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Shares for primary.........................................   77,789      77,419         51,250
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Primary net income (loss) per share........................  $  0.54  (1) $ 1.29  (1) $   (0.37)(1)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
Fully-Diluted:
  Net income (loss) for primary..............................  $41,818      $99,875     $ (18,795)
  Adjustment for interest on debentures and other
   adjustments, net of tax...................................      527         494            469
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Net income (loss) for fully-diluted........................  $42,345      $100,369    $ (18,326)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Shares for primary.........................................   76,789      77,419         51,250
  Common stock equivalents assuming additional conversions of
   debentures................................................      361         361            361
  Common stock equivalents assuming additional exercise of
   stock options.............................................      541           8            427
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Shares for fully-diluted...................................   77,691      77,788         52,038
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
  Fully diluted net income (loss) per share..................  $  0.54  (1) $ 1.29  (1) $   (0.35)(1)
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
                                                               ---------    --------    ------------
<FN>
- - - - ------------------------
(1) The  calculations for  primary loss per  share and  fully-diluted losses per
    share are  submitted  in  accordance with  Regulation  S-K  item  601(b)(11)
    although  it is contrary  to paragraph 40  of APB Opinion  No. 15 because it
    produces either an anti-dilutive result or no material effect on dilution.
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEYS (6 NAMES)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 24

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW  ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE PRESENTS,  that  the  undersigned  Director of
American Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American  Medical
International,  Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the "Companies"),
hereby constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and  Bary
G.  Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his
true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and  in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on  Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection  therewith
granting  authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about  the premises in order to effectuate the  same
as  fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do if
personally  present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that   said
attorneys-in-fact  and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                    /s/ DAN W. LUFKIN

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                      Dan W. Lufkin
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
<PAGE>
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE  PRESENTS, that  the  undersigned  Director  of
American  Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American Medical
International, Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the  "Companies"),
hereby  constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and Bary
G. Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone),  his
true  and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and  Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any  and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection therewith
granting authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite  and
necessary  to be done in and about the  premises in order to effectuate the same
as fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do  if
personally   present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that  said
attorneys-in-fact and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute  or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                /s/ ROBERT B. CALHOUN, JR.

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                  Robert B. Calhoun, Jr.
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
<PAGE>
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW  ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE PRESENTS,  that  the  undersigned  Director of
American Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American  Medical
International,  Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the "Companies"),
hereby constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and  Bary
G.  Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his
true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and  in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on  Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection  therewith
granting  authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about  the premises in order to effectuate the  same
as  fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do if
personally  present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that   said
attorneys-in-fact  and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                    /s/ HARRY J. GRAY

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                      Harry J. Gray
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
<PAGE>
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE  PRESENTS, that  the  undersigned  Director  of
American  Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American Medical
International, Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the  "Companies"),
hereby  constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and Bary
G. Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone),  his
true  and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and  Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any  and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection therewith
granting authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite  and
necessary  to be done in and about the  premises in order to effectuate the same
as fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do  if
personally   present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that  said
attorneys-in-fact and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute  or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                 /s/ HAROLD S. HANDELSMAN

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                   Harold S. Handelsman
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
<PAGE>
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW  ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE PRESENTS,  that  the  undersigned  Director of
American Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American  Medical
International,  Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the "Companies"),
hereby constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and  Bary
G.  Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his
true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and  in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on  Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection  therewith
granting  authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about  the premises in order to effectuate the  same
as  fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do if
personally  present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that   said
attorneys-in-fact  and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                   /s/ SHELDON S. KING

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Sheldon S. King
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
<PAGE>
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    KNOW ALL  PERSONS  BY  THESE  PRESENTS, that  the  undersigned  Director  of
American  Medical Holdings,  Inc., a  Delaware corporation  and American Medical
International, Inc.  a  Delaware corporation  (collectively,  the  "Companies"),
hereby  constitutes and appoints Alan J.  Chamison, Michael N. Murdock, and Bary
G. Bailey, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone),  his
true  and lawful attorneys-in-fact and  agents for him and  on his behalf and in
his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report
on Form 10-K  to be  filed by  the Companies  with the  Securities and  Exchange
Commission with respect to the Companies' fiscal year ended August 31, 1993, and
any  and all amendments thereto, and any other documents in connection therewith
granting authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite  and
necessary  to be done in and about the  premises in order to effectuate the same
as fully  to all  intents  and purposes  as  he himself  might  or could  do  if
personally   present,   hereby   ratifying   and   confirming   all   that  said
attorneys-in-fact and  agents,  or  either  of  them,  or  their  substitute  or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of
attorney shall terminate one year from the date hereof.

                                                   /s/ MELVYN N. KLEIN

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Melvyn N. Klein
                                                         Director

DATED: November 24, 1993
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
